WHO	Who is known to have ruled the former Satavahana territory?	The Western Kshatrapa ruler Nahapana is known to have ruled the former Satavahana territory
WHAT	What have also been found in western Deccan?	the other Satavahana inscriptions have also been found in western Deccan
WHAT	What were merchants?	these donors were merchants
WHAT	What are found that could be attributed to the Satavahanas?	Several metal figurines are found that could be attributed to the Satavahanas
WHAT	What captured the northern parts of the kingdom?	the Abhiras captured the northern parts of the kingdom
WHAT	What fragmented into smaller states by the early 3rd century CE?	The kingdom fragmented into smaller states by the early 3rd century CE
WHAT	What were early issuers of Indian state coinage struck with images of their rulers?	The Satavahanas were early issuers of Indian state coinage struck with images of their rulers
WHAT	What are not attested by historical evidence?	thse kings are not attested by historical evidence
YN	Do historians fall into two categories?	Yes
WHAT	What featuring ships with double mast have been found on the Coromandel Coast?	His coins featuring ships with double mast have been found on the Coromandel Coast
YN	Is Satavahana period evident from archaeological discoveries at sites such as Kotalingala?	Yes
YN	Do the Satavahana coins also display various traditional symbols?	Yes
WHAT	What given below for each Purana contains the most exhaustive version?	The list given below for each Purana contains the most exhaustive version
WHAT	What established peace in the Deccan region?	the Satavahanas established peace in the Deccan region
YN	Did the Satavahana capitals include Amaravati (Dharanikota) and Junnar?	Yes
YN	Do the Satavahana coins give unique indications as to their chronology?	Yes
WHAT	What were patronized by Satavahana?	Ajanta paintings were patronized by Satavahana
WHAT	What have taken a heavy toll with Ajanta Caves?	some vandalism have taken a heavy toll with Ajanta Caves
WHAT	What included Kondapur?	Other important urban centres included Kondapur
YN	Did the Satavahana kingdom mainly comprise the present-day Telangana?	Yes
YN	Were Satavahana dominions limited to their original base in the Deccan and eastern central India around Amaravati?	Yes
WHAT	What use the name `` Andhra '' or `` Andhra-Bhritya '' for the Satavahanas?	The Puranas use the name `` Andhra '' or `` Andhra-Bhritya '' for the Satavahanas
WHAT	What included northern Deccan region?	The Satavahana territory included northern Deccan region
WHAT	What appear on the various coins?	16 to 20 rulers appear on the various coins
WHAT	What is probably from the reign of Satakarni II?	This inscription is probably from the reign of Satakarni II
YN	Did 30 Satavahana kings rule for around 450 years?	Yes
WHAT	What were also found from Bramhapuri?	unique bronze objects were also found from Bramhapuri
WHAT	What found at Naneghat was issued by Nayanika ( or Naganika )?	An inscription found at Naneghat was issued by Nayanika ( or Naganika )
WHO	Who is identified with the Andhras?	Andarae is identified with the Andhras
WHAT	What carry titles or matronyms that were common to multiple rulers ( e.g?	Several coins carry titles or matronyms that were common to multiple rulers ( e.g
WHAT	What emerged in the Deccan region during the Satavahana period?	Buddhist monastic sites emerged in the Deccan region during the Satavahana period
WHAT	What is uncertain?	the dynasty is uncertain
WHAT	What sculptures some more sculptures existed namely Dvarapala?	the above major Satavahana sculptures some more sculptures existed namely Dvarapala
WHAT	What interprets this word as `` the only protector of the Brahmins ''?	R. G. Bhandarkar interprets this word as `` the only protector of the Brahmins ''
YN	Is the Satavahana rule dated variously from 271 BCE to 30 BCE?	Yes
WHAT	What are in Tamil?	Some reverse coin legends are in Tamil
YN	Is the dynasty's name derived from the words sata (`` sharpened ''?	Yes
WHAT	What give unique indications as to their chronology?	The Satavahana coins give unique indications as to their chronology
YN	Is the Satavahana king Hāla famous for compiling the collection of Maharashtri poems known as the Gaha Sattasai (Sanskrit?	Yes
WHO	Who was also part of his kingdom?	Madhya Pradesh was also part of his kingdom
YN	Have the early Satavahana period (c. 1st century BCE) been found in and around this region?	Yes
WHAT	What are most famous?	the Nagarjunakonda Stupa are most famous
WHO	Who was succeeded by his brother Kanha ( also known as Krishna )?	Simuka was succeeded by his brother Kanha ( also known as Krishna )
YN	Is the Satavahana government not clear?	Yes
YN	Was the original Satavahana capital located at Junnar?	Yes
WHO	Who mentions a king named `` Satakani '' or `` Satakamini ''?	the Kalinga king Kharavela mentions a king named `` Satakani '' or `` Satakamini ''
YN	Had the dynasty different capital cities at different times?	Yes
WHO	Who were enlarged the earlier bricks and wood works were replaced with stone works?	Ashokan Stupas were enlarged the earlier bricks and wood works were replaced with stone works
WHAT	What mentions the term maha-matra ( officer-in-charge )?	Kanha 's Pandavleni mentions the term maha-matra ( officer-in-charge )
WHO	Who ruled for 10 years?	His son Vasishthiputra Sri Chadha Satakarni ruled for 10 years
WHAT	What give different lists of the Satavahana rulers?	The various Puranas give different lists of the Satavahana rulers
WHAT	What patronised Prakrit language instead of Sanskrit?	The Satavahanas patronised Prakrit language instead of Sanskrit
WHAT	What indicate that his rule extended over both eastern and western parts of Deccan?	Guntur indicate that his rule extended over both eastern and western parts of Deccan
WHAT	What is from the Nashik Cave 19?	The earliest extant Satavahana inscription is from the Nashik Cave 19
WHAT	What suggests that the Satavahanas earlier controlled the northern Deccan plateau?	numismatic evidence suggests that the Satavahanas earlier controlled the northern Deccan plateau
WHAT	What extended to parts of modern Gujarat?	their rule extended to parts of modern Gujarat
WHAT	What ruled for around 450 years?	the Andhra dynasty ruled for around 450 years
WHAT	What issued by Gautami Balashri?	The Nashik prashasti inscription issued by Gautami Balashri
YN	Was the Satavahana power revived by Gautamiputra Satakarni?	Yes
WHO	Who was the author of Brihatkatha?	Hala was the author of Brihatkatha
WHAT	What represents the architecture development of the Satavahana periods?	Amravati represents the architecture development of the Satavahana periods
WHO	Who dated this event to c. 30 BCE?	D. C. Sircar dated this event to c. 30 BCE
WHAT	What issued by Nayanika?	an inscription issued by Nayanika
YN	Did the Satavahana capital keep shifting with time?	Yes
WHAT	What had different capital cities at different times?	The dynasty had different capital cities at different times
WHO	Who is called `` ekabamhana ''?	her son Gautamiputra Satakarni is called `` ekabamhana ''
YN	Did rulers attest by coinage can not be determined with certainty?	Yes
WHAT	What contain a smaller number of kings?	this category contain a smaller number of kings
WHAT	What relies heavily on the Puranas?	This view relies heavily on the Puranas
WHAT	What are also remarkable for their contributions to Buddhist art and architecture?	The Satavahana rulers are also remarkable for their contributions to Buddhist art and architecture
WHAT	What listed in the Puranas are not attested via archaeological and numismatic evidence?	the kings listed in the Puranas are not attested via archaeological and numismatic evidence
WHAT	What issued by the Satavahana royals themselves also primarily concern religious donations?	The inscriptions issued by the Satavahana royals themselves also primarily concern religious donations
WHAT	What was apparently handled by his mother?	his administration was apparently handled by his mother
WHAT	What appear to have been an important venue for displaying charitable donations?	The monasteries appear to have been an important venue for displaying charitable donations
WHAT	What is that the Sanchi figures have shed some their weight?	The only difference is that the Sanchi figures have shed some their weight
WHAT	What are described as sons of their predecessors?	All other kings are described as sons of their predecessors
WHAT	What facilitated commerce and crafts ( such as ceramic ware )?	Such sites facilitated commerce and crafts ( such as ceramic ware )
WHAT	What have been found in eastern Madhya Pradesh?	successor Apilaka have been found in eastern Madhya Pradesh
WHAT	What ended in the early 3rd century?	the Satavahana rule ended in the early 3rd century
WHAT	What refer to aharas named after the governors appointed to rule them ( e.g?	Several inscriptions refer to aharas named after the governors appointed to rule them ( e.g
WHAT	What found in Posheri?	British museum the cornucopia found in Posheri
WHAT	What suggests that his control over these territories did not last long?	historical evidence suggests that his control over these territories did not last long
WHAT	What contributed greatly to the embellishment of the Buddhist stupa of Sanchi?	the Satavahanas contributed greatly to the embellishment of the Buddhist stupa of Sanchi
WHAT	What were compiled much later?	these texts were compiled much later
WHAT	What are available from the Satavahana period?	Several Brahmi script inscriptions are available from the Satavahana period
YN	Are the Satavahana rulers also remarkable for their contributions to Buddhist art and architecture?	Yes
WHAT	What appears on a sculpted gateway element of the Stupa 1 at Sanchi?	The next oldest Satavahana-era inscription appears on a sculpted gateway element of the Stupa 1 at Sanchi
WHAT	What depicting Perseus and Andromeda were also obtained from the house from?	plaque depicting Perseus and Andromeda were also obtained from the house from
WHAT	What kept shifting with time?	The Satavahana capital kept shifting with time
WHO	Who ruled for 6 years?	The next king Vijaya ruled for 6 years
WHAT	What are typically Satavahanas?	female are typically Satavahanas
WHAT	What were Hindus and claimed Brahmanical status?	The Satavahanas were Hindus and claimed Brahmanical status
YN	Did the Satavahana rule end in the early 3rd century?	Yes
WHAT	What was renovated during his reign?	Amaravati was renovated during his reign
WHAT	What does not mention the Satavahanas before the 4th century CE?	eastern Deccan does not mention the Satavahanas before the 4th century CE
WHAT	What is not clear?	the Satavahana government is not clear
WHAT	What emerged in the fertile areas?	several large settlements emerged in the fertile areas
WHAT	What believe that the Satavahanas originated in western Deccan ( present-day Maharashtra )?	scholars believe that the Satavahanas originated in western Deccan ( present-day Maharashtra )
WHAT	What regarding the establishment date of the Satavahana kingdom?	uncertainty regarding the establishment date of the Satavahana kingdom
WHO	Who theorized that the original Satavahana capital was located at Junnar?	M. K. Dhavalikar theorized that the original Satavahana capital was located at Junnar
WHAT	What is based on Puranic records as well as archaeological and numismatic evidence?	This theory is based on Puranic records as well as archaeological and numismatic evidence
WHAT	What ruled for 23 years?	the dynasty ruled for 23 years
WHAT	What participated in ( and benefited from ) economic expansion through intensification of agriculture?	The Satavahanas participated in ( and benefited from ) economic expansion through intensification of agriculture
YN	Have the other Satavahana inscriptions also been found in western Deccan?	Yes
WHAT	What include Govardhana?	western Deccan include Govardhana
YN	Was the oldest known Satavahana inscription found at Cave No.19 of the Pandavleni Caves in Nashik district?	Yes
WHAT	What fall into two categories?	historians fall into two categories
YN	Did the Satavahana period generally do not exclusively support a particular religious group?	Yes
YN	Did briefly revive the Satavahana rule?	Yes
YN	Did the Satavahana rule begin immediately after the Maurya rule?	Yes
WHAT	What controlled the Indian sea coast?	The Satavahanas controlled the Indian sea coast
YN	Did several large settlements emerge in the fertile areas?	Yes
WHO	Who believed that the defeated ruler was his son Vasishthiputra Pulumavi?	E. J. Rapson believed that the defeated ruler was his son Vasishthiputra Pulumavi
YN	Did some Satavahana kings attest by numismatic evidence (such as Rudra Satakarni) are not mentioned in the Puranas at all?	Yes
YN	Has the dynasty's founder Simuka been contested by several scholars including P. L. Gupta and I. K. Sarma?	Yes
WHAT	What appear to be variations of the same word?	Shalivahana appear to be variations of the same word
WHAT	What legends of the Satavahanas?	The coin legends of the Satavahanas
WHAT	What have happened in the context of regionalism?	these debates have happened in the context of regionalism
YN	Have his coins been found distributed over a wide area?	Yes
WHAT	What were constructed at Nagarjunakonda and Amaravati?	several Buddhist monuments were constructed at Nagarjunakonda and Amaravati
WHAT	What are the only earliest surviving specimens-excluding prehistoric in India?	The Satavahana paintings are the only earliest surviving specimens-excluding prehistoric in India
WHAT	What was not continuous?	this realm was not continuous
WHAT	What included Amaravati ( Dharanikota ) and Junnar?	the Satavahana capitals included Amaravati ( Dharanikota ) and Junnar
WHAT	What attested by coinage can not be determined with certainty?	rulers attested by coinage can not be determined with certainty
WHAT	What have been found distributed over a wide area?	his coins have been found distributed over a wide area
WHAT	What suggest the existence of a bureaucratic structure?	Gautamiputra Satakarni suggest the existence of a bureaucratic structure
WHAT	What defeated by him appears to have been the Western Kshatrapa ruler Nahapana?	The king defeated by him appears to have been the Western Kshatrapa ruler Nahapana
WHO	Who attributed to Simuka 's successors Kanha and Satakarni I were also discovered at Kotilingla?	Coins attributed to Simuka 's successors Kanha and Satakarni I were also discovered at Kotilingla
WHAT	What connects their name to the earlier Satiyaputa dynasty?	Another theory connects their name to the earlier Satiyaputa dynasty
YN	Do Shalivahana appear to be variations of the same word?	Yes
WHAT	What appear to be local elites rather than the Satavahana monarchs?	these rulers appear to be local elites rather than the Satavahana monarchs
WHAT	What dates the end of his reign to 181 CE?	Charles Higham dates the end of his reign to 181 CE
WHAT	What describes dispatching of an army and Kharavela 's threat to a city?	The inscription describes dispatching of an army and Kharavela 's threat to a city
WHAT	What comprises names of Satavahana royals?	Naneghat comprises names of Satavahana royals
WHO	Who was succeeded by Madhariputra Swami Isvarasena?	Yajna Sri was succeeded by Madhariputra Swami Isvarasena
WHAT	What were built after 70 BCE?	the balustrade were built after 70 BCE
YN	Did the dynasty reach its zenith under the rule of Gautamiputra Satakarni and his successor Vasisthiputra Pulamavi?	Yes
WHAT	What was soon extinguished following the rise of its feudatories?	the dynasty was soon extinguished following the rise of its feudatories
WHAT	What is related with?	Also a mythological story is related with
WHAT	What appears to have been the largest geographical subdivision of the Satavahana polity?	The ahara appears to have been the largest geographical subdivision of the Satavahana polity
WHAT	What was his brother Vashishtiputra Satakarni?	Pulumavi 's successor was his brother Vashishtiputra Satakarni
WHAT	What followed the administration guidelines from the Shastras?	The Satavahanas followed the administration guidelines from the Shastras
WHAT	What vary across different manuscripts of the same Puranas?	These names vary across different manuscripts of the same Puranas
YN	Are the Satavahana paintings the only earliest surviving specimens-excluding prehistoric in India?	Yes
WHAT	What are the stupas?	these monuments are the stupas
WHAT	What do not feature uniform design or size?	These coins do not feature uniform design or size
WHAT	What states that 30 Andhra kings ruled for 460 years?	The Matsya Purana states that 30 Andhra kings ruled for 460 years
WHAT	What describes Gautamiputra as the lord of Benakataka?	The Nashik inscription describes Gautamiputra as the lord of Benakataka
WHAT	What was approved by Gautamiputra 's minister Sivagupta on the king 's verbal orders?	the grant was approved by Gautamiputra 's minister Sivagupta on the king 's verbal orders
YN	Is the earliest extant Satavahana inscription from the Nashik Cave 19?	Yes
WHO	Who regained all the former territories previously held by Nahapana?	Rudradaman regained all the former territories previously held by Nahapana
YN	Does the above major Satavahana sculpture some more sculptures existed namely Dvarapala?	Yes
WHO	Who theorized that the territorial division Satavahani-Satahani ( Satavahanihara or Satahani-rattha )?	V. S. Sukthankar theorized that the territorial division Satavahani-Satahani ( Satavahanihara or Satahani-rattha )
WHAT	What have explained these anamolies in different ways?	Different scholars have explained these anamolies in different ways
WHAT	What have been discovered in the Deccan region?	potin Satavahana coins have been discovered in the Deccan region
WHO	Who attributed to Satakarni I have also been discovered at Nashik?	Coins attributed to Satakarni I have also been discovered at Nashik
WHO	Who ruled for 56 years?	Satakarni 's successor Satakarni II ruled for 56 years
WHAT	What states that `` the four Kanvas will rule the earth for 45 years?	The Brahmanda Purana states that `` the four Kanvas will rule the earth for 45 years
WHAT	What went on for a long time?	the Saka Western Satraps went on for a long time
WHAT	What feature images of ships?	His coins feature images of ships
WHAT	What comes from the Puranas?	the Satavahanas comes from the Puranas
WHAT	What are now completely eroded?	The portraits are now completely eroded
WHAT	What was revived by Gautamiputra Satakarni?	The Satavahana power was revived by Gautamiputra Satakarni
YN	Did the Satavahana territory include northern Deccan region?	Yes
YN	Have potin Satavahana coins been discovered in the Deccan region?	Yes
YN	Was the dynasty soon extinguished following the rise of its feudatories?	Yes
WHO	Who was succeeded by his son Vasisthiputra Sri Pulamavi ( or Pulumayi )?	Gautamiputra was succeeded by his son Vasisthiputra Sri Pulamavi ( or Pulumayi )
WHAT	What attributed to Kanha have been discovered?	coins attributed to Kanha have been discovered
YN	Has Satavahana period that survived at Ajanta is the Chhadanta Jataka in Cave No.10?	Yes
WHAT	What were granted for the Bhagala-Dasaratra sacrifice?	10,001 cows were granted for the Bhagala-Dasaratra sacrifice
WHAT	What is only partially legible?	the inscription is only partially legible
WHAT	What is `` tentative at best '' given the small sample of early inscriptions?	the Satavahanas is `` tentative at best '' given the small sample of early inscriptions
YN	Did the Satavahana rule start in around first century BCE?	Yes
YN	Did the Andhra dynasty rule for around 450 years?	Yes
YN	Did the dynasty rule for 23 years?	Yes