YN	Had Kalaripayattu developed into its present form by the 6th century?	Yes
WHAT	What began in the 1920s in Thalassery?	kalaripayattu began in the 1920s in Thalassery
WHAT	What are a combination of steps ( Chuvatu ) and postures ( Vadivu )?	Kalaripayattu techniques are a combination of steps ( Chuvatu ) and postures ( Vadivu )
WHAT	What were the earliest precursors to kalaripayat?	the Sangam period were the earliest precursors to kalaripayat
YN	Did kalaripayattu begin in the 1920s in Thalassery?	Yes
WHAT	What has its own style?	Each stance has its own style
YN	Is Northern kalaripayattu based on elegant and flexible movements?	Yes
WHAT	What remain closely connected to yoga?	South Asian fighting styles remain closely connected to yoga
WHAT	What denoted a martial feat?	The word kalari tatt denoted a martial feat
YN	Are Kalaripayattu techniques a combination of steps (Chuvatu) and postures (Vadivu)?	Yes
YN	Does it have featured in international and Indian films such as Thacholi Othenan (film) (1964)?	Yes
WHAT	What comes under siddha vaidhyam?	marma treatment comes under siddha vaidhyam
WHAT	What formed the basis of the medical discipline ayurveda?	Sushruta 's work formed the basis of the medical discipline ayurveda
WHAT	What is based on elegant and flexible movements?	Northern kalaripayattu is based on elegant and flexible movements
WHAT	What is found in the Rig Veda?	marmam is found in the Rig Veda
YN	Did Kalaripayattu (pronounce as Kalarippayatt) is a martial art?	Yes
YN	Has Kalaripayattu borrowed extensively from Ayurveda and equally lends to it?	Yes
WHAT	What vary from one style to another?	These techniques vary from one style to another
WHAT	What has three variants?	Kalaripayattu has three variants
WHAT	What received regular military training in target practice?	the Sangam era received regular military training in target practice
WHAT	What differ considerably from one tradition to another?	Styles differ considerably from one tradition to another
WHAT	What denoted a martial feat?	The word kalari tatt denoted a martial feat
WHAT	What has borrowed extensively from Ayurveda and equally lends to it?	Kalaripayattu has borrowed extensively from Ayurveda and equally lends to it
WHAT	What received regular military training?	the Sangam era received regular military training
WHO	Who had developed into its present form by the 6th century?	Kalaripayattu had developed into its present form by the 6th century
WHO	Who is regarded as the founder and patron saint of southern kalaripayat?	Vedic sage Agastya is regarded as the founder and patron saint of southern kalaripayat
YN	Are northern Kalaripayattu applied in Keralan dance forms and Kathakali dancers who knew martial arts were believed to be markedly better than the other performers?	Yes
WHAT	What was performed only by martial artists?	the chhau dance was performed only by martial artists
WHAT	What are classified according to geographical position in Kerala?	Regional variants are classified according to geographical position in Kerala
YN	Have kalaripayattu pointed out that the application of marmam techniques against neutral outsiders has not always produced verifiable results?	Yes
WHAT	What make use of internal and external concepts?	Both systems make use of internal and external concepts
WHAT	What describe the use of spears?	Purananuru describe the use of spears
WHAT	What appears in the Puram ( verses 225?	The word kalari appears in the Puram ( verses 225
YN	Do Kalaripayattu teachers often provide massages (uzhichil) with medicinal oils to their students in order to increase their physical flexibility or to treat muscle injuries encountered during practice?	Yes