WHAT	What was a popular outdoor past time?	Horse racing was a popular outdoor past time
WHAT	What suggests a possible rebellion by a local Chalukya King?	The records suggests a possible rebellion by a local Chalukya King
YN	Did relate to the Cholas by marriage took sides with the Cholas further complicating the situation?	Yes
WHAT	What were written?	When bilingual inscriptions were written
YN	Did the Western Chalukyas mint punch-marked gold pagodas with Kannada and Nagari legends which were large?	Yes
WHAT	What belonged to two levels of economic strata?	The Gavundas belonged to two levels of economic strata
YN	Did Seunas also encroach upon the empire?	Yes
WHO	Who were unable to hold on to Kalyani and their rule ended in 1183?	Bijjala II were unable to hold on to Kalyani and their rule ended in 1183
WHAT	What were called Brahmapuri ( or Ghatika or Agrahara )?	higher learning were called Brahmapuri ( or Ghatika or Agrahara )
WHAT	What had lost control of Vengi and his successor?	the Chalukyas had lost control of Vengi and his successor
YN	Did the Chola Dynasty fight many bitter wars over control of this strategic resource?	Yes
WHAT	What were frequent and entertainment by traveling troupes of acrobats?	fairs were frequent and entertainment by traveling troupes of acrobats
WHAT	What was dravidian architecture?	the general sculptural idiom was dravidian architecture
WHAT	What lived in villages and worked farming the staple crops of rice?	the people lived in villages and worked farming the staple crops of rice
WHAT	What are the best known among them?	Siddharama are the best known among them
WHAT	What preached of a faith without a caste system?	other Virashaiva saints preached of a faith without a caste system
WHO	Who wrote Vaishnavite works supporting the teachings of Ramanujacharya?	the succeeding Mysore Kingdom wrote Vaishnavite works supporting the teachings of Ramanujacharya
WHAT	What taught varied from four to eighteen?	subjects taught varied from four to eighteen
WHAT	What were Persia?	the west were Persia
WHAT	What organised themselves into powerful guilds that transcended political divisions?	Merchants organised themselves into powerful guilds that transcended political divisions
WHO	Who undermined his brother?	the same time Vikramaditya VI undermined his brother
WHAT	What were titled Mahamandaleshwaras and those who headed a Nadu were entitled Nadugouvnda?	Army commanders were titled Mahamandaleshwaras and those who headed a Nadu were entitled Nadugouvnda
WHAT	What are mentioned in records and these were built in the vicinity of temples?	hospitals are mentioned in records and these were built in the vicinity of temples
WHAT	What was used to record locations and rights related to land grants?	the regional language was used to record locations and rights related to land grants
WHO	Who invaded the Tamil kingdom and installed his brother-in-law?	Vikramaditya VI invaded the Tamil kingdom and installed his brother-in-law
WHAT	What contributed significantly to the king 's treasury through paying import and export taxes?	Rich traders contributed significantly to the king 's treasury through paying import and export taxes
WHAT	What does not give any of dealt topics particular hierarchy of importance?	the book does not give any of dealt topics particular hierarchy of importance
WHAT	What were levied on mining and forest products?	Taxes were levied on mining and forest products
WHAT	What fought many bitter wars over control of this strategic resource?	the Chola Dynasty fought many bitter wars over control of this strategic resource
WHAT	What were produced during this period?	medicine were produced during this period
WHAT	What has been debated?	the Virashaiva faith has been debated
WHAT	What comes from records describing dining plates reserved for them?	Siraf comes from records describing dining plates reserved for them
WHO	Who subdued the Paramara of central India and the rebellious Yadava King Bhillama?	Jayasimha II subdued the Paramara of central India and the rebellious Yadava King Bhillama
YN	Did the Western Chalukyas convincingly contend with the Cholas and reached a peak ruling territories that spread over most of the Deccan?	Yes
YN	Was western Chalukya dynasty an important period in the development of Deccan architecture?	Yes
WHAT	What are in the districts bordering the Tungabhadra River in central Karnataka?	its monuments are in the districts bordering the Tungabhadra River in central Karnataka
WHAT	What ruled by the Hoysala did individual sculptors etched their names below their creations?	the regions ruled by the Hoysala did individual sculptors etched their names below their creations
WHAT	What was the possibility of theft from brigands?	Their only threat was the possibility of theft from brigands
WHAT	What based on the teachings of these philosophers were written over the next centuries?	poetry based on the teachings of these philosophers were written over the next centuries
WHAT	What is sometimes called the Kalyani Chalukya after its regal capital at Kalyani?	This Kannadiga dynasty is sometimes called the Kalyani Chalukya after its regal capital at Kalyani
WHAT	What is sometimes called Karnata dravida?	This style is sometimes called Karnata dravida
WHAT	What paralleled a general decreased interest in Jainism?	the Hoysala region paralleled a general decreased interest in Jainism
YN	Did the Western Chalukya Empire rule most of the western Deccan?	Yes
WHO	Who was mostly used in Western ( Kalyani ) Chalukya inscriptions and epigraphs?	The local language Kannada was mostly used in Western ( Kalyani ) Chalukya inscriptions and epigraphs
YN	Did the Western Chalukyas develop an architectural style known today as a transitional style?	Yes
WHO	Who was revolutionary and challenged the prevailing Hindu caste system which retained royal support?	Veerashaivaism was revolutionary and challenged the prevailing Hindu caste system which retained royal support
WHAT	What made contributions to Kannada literature in various subjects?	King Jagadhekamalla II made contributions to Kannada literature in various subjects
YN	Did Tanjore fight many fierce wars to control the fertile region of Vengi?	Yes
WHAT	What called Vamshavalis were written to provide historical details of dynasties?	chronicles called Vamshavalis were written to provide historical details of dynasties
WHAT	What are attributed to Vikramaditya VI than any other king prior to the 12th century?	Kannada are attributed to Vikramaditya VI than any other king prior to the 12th century
WHAT	What was imparted in the local language and in Sanskrit?	Learning was imparted in the local language and in Sanskrit
YN	Did the Hoysala region parallel a general decreased interest in Jainism?	Yes
WHO	Who was killed by Chalukya general Narasimha in this conflict?	Kalachuri King Sankama was killed by Chalukya general Narasimha in this conflict
WHAT	What were generally either on stone ( Shilashasana ) or copper plates ( Tamarashasana )?	Inscriptions were generally either on stone ( Shilashasana ) or copper plates ( Tamarashasana )
WHAT	What was the empire 's main source of income through taxes on land and produce?	Agriculture was the empire 's main source of income through taxes on land and produce
WHAT	What paid him glowing tributes for his military leadership?	his time paid him glowing tributes for his military leadership
YN	Did Manyakheta control most of Deccan and Central India for over two centuries?	Yes
WHAT	What was profound?	South India was profound
WHAT	What are the finest examples produced by the later Chalukya architects?	Balligavi are the finest examples produced by the later Chalukya architects
WHAT	What was Gadyanaka weighting 96 grains?	Their heaviest gold coin was Gadyanaka weighting 96 grains
WHAT	What were on the epics?	Brahmin writers were on the epics
WHAT	What used the legend Sri Jaya?	Jayasimha II used the legend Sri Jaya
WHAT	What were transferable based on political developments?	Mandalas were transferable based on political developments
WHO	Who ruled most of the western Deccan?	The Western Chalukya Empire ruled most of the western Deccan
WHAT	What were organised into guilds and work was done on a corporate basis?	crafts were organised into guilds and work was done on a corporate basis
WHAT	What developed an architectural style known today as a transitional style?	The Western Chalukyas developed an architectural style known today as a transitional style
WHAT	What is an example of a transitional Chalukya-Hoysala architectural style?	Balligavi is an example of a transitional Chalukya-Hoysala architectural style
YN	Was the Western Chalukya kingship hereditary?	Yes
WHO	Who was used to state terms of the grants?	Kannada was used to state terms of the grants
WHAT	What served as open air town halls?	Marketplaces served as open air town halls
WHAT	What was under a member of the royal family?	A Mandala was under a member of the royal family
WHAT	What continued while both sides won and lost battles?	the Cholas continued while both sides won and lost battles
WHAT	What resulted in the Hoysala King Vishnuvardhana converting to Vaishnavism?	Melkote resulted in the Hoysala King Vishnuvardhana converting to Vaishnavism
WHAT	What was more available to women in the royal and affluent urban families?	Freedom was more available to women in the royal and affluent urban families
WHAT	What proliferated and scholars in Kannada and Sanskrit adorned his court?	Literature proliferated and scholars in Kannada and Sanskrit adorned his court
WHAT	What were Ranna?	Kannada scholars were Ranna
WHO	Who continued warring over the Krishna River region in 1191?	Hoysalas continued warring over the Krishna River region in 1191
WHO	Who included textiles?	Exports to Song Dynasty China included textiles
WHO	Who captured Kalyani and occupied it for the next twenty years?	Bijjala II captured Kalyani and occupied it for the next twenty years
YN	Did Bijapur region defeat his overlords and made Manyakheta his capital?	Yes
WHAT	What are Chandombudhi?	Some well-known works are Chandombudhi
WHAT	What continued into the Vijayanagar empire with such well-known scholars as Singiraja?	This tradition continued into the Vijayanagar empire with such well-known scholars as Singiraja
WHAT	What were Economics ( Vartta )?	royal students were Economics ( Vartta )
WHO	Who became famous in the field of legal literature for his Mitakshara?	A Sanskrit scholar Vijnaneshwara became famous in the field of legal literature for his Mitakshara
WHAT	What was divided into provinces such as Banavasi-12000?	The kingdom was divided into provinces such as Banavasi-12000
WHAT	What were divided into smaller provinces containing a lesser number of villages?	The large provinces were divided into smaller provinces containing a lesser number of villages
YN	Were the Western Chalukya rule at Dambal and Balligavi?	Yes
WHAT	What saw the growth of Kannada as a language of literature and poetry?	This period saw the growth of Kannada as a language of literature and poetry
YN	Did the Western Chalukyas build temples in Badami and Aihole during their early phase of temple building activity?	Yes
WHAT	What continued to be patronaged?	the Hoysala territory continued to be patronaged
YN	Was the Western Chalukya era one of substantial literary activity in the native Kannada?	Yes
WHO	Who flourished in precious stones such as diamonds?	Business flourished in precious stones such as diamonds
WHAT	What were called nagaram?	Local guilds were called nagaram
WHAT	What is dated 957?	The earliest record is dated 957
WHAT	What included Chalukyan architects who were natives of places such as Balligavi?	the Hoysala kingdom included Chalukyan architects who were natives of places such as Balligavi
WHAT	What minted punch-marked gold pagodas with Kannada and Nagari legends which were large?	The Western Chalukyas minted punch-marked gold pagodas with Kannada and Nagari legends which were large
WHAT	What is still debated?	this empire is still debated
WHAT	What were not limited to the south for even as a prince?	His exploits were not limited to the south for even as a prince
WHAT	What exhausted both empires?	the Cholas exhausted both empires
WHAT	What describe the participation of women in the fine arts?	Records describe the participation of women in the fine arts
YN	Did the Western Chalukyas control most of South India's west coast and by the 10th century they had established extensive trade ties with the Tang Empire of China?	Yes
WHAT	What was hereditary?	The Western Chalukya kingship was hereditary
WHAT	What executed sculptures is an exquisite example of decorative detail?	its well executed sculptures is an exquisite example of decorative detail
WHO	Who received aloe wood?	Siraf received aloe wood
YN	Were the Vijayanagar empire followers of Vaishnavism and a Vaishnava temple with an image of Ramanujacharya exists today in the Vitthalapura area of Vijayanagara?	Yes
WHAT	What included the Manigramam?	Powerful South Indian merchant guilds included the Manigramam
WHAT	What were Arabian horse shipments?	The most expensive import to South India were Arabian horse shipments
WHAT	What became common in the 11th century?	corporate enterprises became common in the 11th century
WHAT	What saw the fall of two great empires?	This period saw the fall of two great empires
WHO	Who fought many fierce wars to control the fertile region of Vengi?	Tanjore fought many fierce wars to control the fertile region of Vengi
WHAT	What called Vachanas developed during this time?	Kannada called Vachanas developed during this time
WHAT	What sold meat from domesticated animals such as goats?	Marketplace vendors sold meat from domesticated animals such as goats
YN	Do Chalukya records specifically mention black soil and red soil lands in addition to wetland?	Yes
WHAT	What was highly decentralised and feudatory clans such as the Alupas?	The administration was highly decentralised and feudatory clans such as the Alupas
WHAT	What is called Western Chalukyas to differentiate from the contemporaneous Eastern Chalukyas of Vengi?	The dynasty is called Western Chalukyas to differentiate from the contemporaneous Eastern Chalukyas of Vengi
WHAT	What were the main mints ( Tankhashaley )?	Dharwad district were the main mints ( Tankhashaley )
WHAT	What related to music and musical instruments were Sangita Chudamani?	the time related to music and musical instruments were Sangita Chudamani
WHAT	What became popular?	secular subjects became popular
WHAT	What was one of substantial literary activity in the native Kannada?	The Western Chalukya era was one of substantial literary activity in the native Kannada
WHO	Who were on an imperialistic expansion too?	Bhillama V were on an imperialistic expansion too
WHO	Who controlled most of Deccan and Central India for over two centuries?	Manyakheta controlled most of Deccan and Central India for over two centuries
YN	Is the Western Chalukya architects the development of the lathe turned (tuned) pillars and use of Soapstone (Chloritic Schist) as basic building and sculptural material?	Yes
WHAT	What show horses and salt were taxed as well as commodities ( gold?	Records show horses and salt were taxed as well as commodities ( gold
WHO	Who had invaded Bengal?	Vikramaditya VI had invaded Bengal
WHAT	What was an important period in the development of Deccan architecture?	Western Chalukya dynasty was an important period in the development of Deccan architecture
WHAT	What was to sing devotional hymns?	whose main function was to sing devotional hymns
YN	Did the empire steadily decrease in size as their powerful feudatories expanded in autonomy and territorial command?	Yes