WHO	Who appeared from the yajna ( sacrifice )?	four Kshatriyas appeared from the yajna ( sacrifice )
WHAT	What was established by Pushyamitra Shunga?	The dynasty was established by Pushyamitra Shunga
WHAT	What characterized the Shunga period?	conflict characterized the Shunga period
WHO	Who toppled Emperor Ashoka and killed many Buddhist monks?	Pushyamitra toppled Emperor Ashoka and killed many Buddhist monks
YN	Do some authors argue that the constructions of that period in Sanchi for example can not really be called `` Shunga ''?	Yes
WHAT	What has regretted the loss of the latter part of these important records?	Cunningham has regretted the loss of the latter part of these important records
WHAT	What remains uncertain?	these wars remains uncertain
WHO	Who became the ruler of Magadha and neighbouring territories?	Pushyamitra Shunga became the ruler of Magadha and neighbouring territories
WHO	Who was viceroy of Vidisha?	Agnimitra was viceroy of Vidisha
YN	Was the empire a variant of Brahmi script and was used to write Sanskrit?	Yes
WHAT	What was enclosed by a stone balustrade?	ground level was enclosed by a stone balustrade
WHAT	What is known otherwise as a local ruler of Mathura?	A Brahmamitra is known otherwise as a local ruler of Mathura
WHAT	What was expanded with stone slabs to almost twice its original size?	the stupa was expanded with stone slabs to almost twice its original size
WHO	Who ruled for 36 years and was succeeded by his son Agnimitra?	Pushyamitra Shunga ruled for 36 years and was succeeded by his son Agnimitra
YN	Are Shunga inscriptions known as far as Ayodhya in northern central India?	Yes
WHAT	What seem to have maintained control of Mathura?	The Greeks seem to have maintained control of Mathura
YN	Did Buddhist activity also manage to survive somewhat in central India (Madhya Pradesh) as suggested by some architectural expansions that were done at the stupas of Sanchi and Barhut?	Yes
WHO	Who flourished in the realms of the Bactrian kings?	Buddhism flourished in the realms of the Bactrian kings
WHAT	What are known as far as Ayodhya in northern central India?	Shunga inscriptions are known as far as Ayodhya in northern central India
WHAT	What are recorded at the Mahabodhi Temple in Bodh Gaya?	a king Indragnimitra are recorded at the Mahabodhi Temple in Bodh Gaya
YN	Were later Shunga emperors seen as amenable to Buddhism and as having contributed to the building of the stupa at Bharhut?	Yes
WHAT	What was set on a high circular drum meant for circumambulation?	The dome was set on a high circular drum meant for circumambulation
WHO	Who equipped a fourfold army?	Pushyamitra equipped a fourfold army
YN	Did Pushyamitra Shunga then ascend the throne?	Yes
WHAT	What bear a close similarity to those of Bharhut?	Sanchi bear a close similarity to those of Bharhut
YN	Did Pushyamitra Shunga rule for 36 years and was succeeded by his son Agnimitra?	Yes
YN	Was the Shunga dynasty then replaced by the subsequent Kanvas?	Yes
YN	Did the Shunga Empire play an imperative role in patronizing culture at a time?	Yes
YN	Do Sanchi bear a close similarity to those of Bharhut?	Yes
WHAT	What was covered with stone during the Shunga period?	The original brick stupa was covered with stone during the Shunga period
YN	Was the Shunga emperors Devabhuti (83–73 BCE)?	Yes
WHAT	What played an imperative role in patronizing culture at a time?	The Shunga Empire played an imperative role in patronizing culture at a time
WHAT	What describe the conflict between the Shungas and the Indo-Greeks?	the Yuga Purana describe the conflict between the Shungas and the Indo-Greeks
WHAT	What seems to have extended to the area of Ayodhya?	Shunga rule seems to have extended to the area of Ayodhya
WHAT	What was composed by Kalidasa in the later Gupta period?	This work was composed by Kalidasa in the later Gupta period
WHAT	What have written about persecution of Buddhists?	ancient Tibetan historian Taranatha have written about persecution of Buddhists
YN	Did Shunga rulers help to establish the tradition of royal sponsorship of learning and art?	Yes
YN	Is the Shunga also found in the Mālavikāgnimitram?	Yes
WHO	Who equipped a fourfold army?	Pushyamitra equipped a fourfold army
YN	Do the Shunga period can also be inferred from a terracotta tablet that was found at Tamralipti and is on exhibit at the Asutosh Museum in Kolkata?	Yes
YN	Was the Shunga a variant of Brahmi?	Yes
WHAT	What helped to establish the tradition of royal sponsorship of learning and art?	Shunga rulers helped to establish the tradition of royal sponsorship of learning and art
WHAT	What were succeeded by the Kanva dynasty around 73 BCE?	The Shungas were succeeded by the Kanva dynasty around 73 BCE
WHAT	What used by the Shunga was a variant of Brahmi?	The script used by the Shunga was a variant of Brahmi
YN	Had the Shunga definitely control of the central city of Ayodhya in northern central India?	Yes
WHAT	What are said to have been placed in Stupa No 3?	Mahamoggallana are said to have been placed in Stupa No 3
YN	Did Pushyamitra Shunga become the ruler of Magadha and neighbouring territories?	Yes
YN	Does Shunga rule seem to have extended to the area of Ayodhya?	Yes
WHAT	What is noted for its numerous wars with both foreign and indigenous powers?	The dynasty is noted for its numerous wars with both foreign and indigenous powers
WHAT	What succeeded the Shungas around 73 BCE?	The Kanva dynasty succeeded the Shungas around 73 BCE
WHAT	What flowered during this period?	other learning flowered during this period
WHAT	What is said to have burned down Buddhist monasteries?	Pushyamitra is said to have burned down Buddhist monasteries
WHAT	What seem to have reconciled and exchanged diplomatic missions around 110 BCE?	the Shungas seem to have reconciled and exchanged diplomatic missions around 110 BCE
WHO	Who were composed in this period?	Mahabhashya were composed in this period
WHAT	What are dated to circa 150 BCE?	These elements are dated to circa 150 BCE
WHAT	What was then replaced by the subsequent Kanvas?	The Shunga dynasty was then replaced by the subsequent Kanvas
WHAT	What was Pataliputra?	Its capital was Pataliputra
WHO	Who was under the joint control of the Yavanas and the Kambojas?	Mathura was under the joint control of the Yavanas and the Kambojas
YN	Was the Shunga dynasty a Brahmin dynasty?	Yes