WHAT	What were dependent on the protection of the larger kingdoms?	Smaller kingdoms were dependent on the protection of the larger kingdoms
WHAT	What was remote?	`` The great king was remote
YN	Did they have resisted incursions into the region by the Muslim Mughal rulers of northern India?	Yes
YN	Had many recent converts to Hinduism been members of the families of Sukarno's PNI?	Yes
YN	Did developing new rituals which gain their position in Indian civilization as the orthodox srauta rituals?	Yes
WHAT	What are summarised under Hindu revivalism and continue into the present?	These reform movements are summarised under Hindu revivalism and continue into the present
WHAT	What were built in Cambodia and in neighboring Thailand?	900 temples were built in Cambodia and in neighboring Thailand
WHAT	What was ordered in accordance with Hindu beliefs?	Gupta society was ordered in accordance with Hindu beliefs
WHO	Who stated that he wanted 'to make the whole world Aryan '?	Dayananda stated that he wanted 'to make the whole world Aryan '
YN	Do central power also lead to regionalisation of religiosity?	Yes
WHAT	What created under Gupta leadership enabled the pursuit of scientific and artistic endeavors?	prosperity created under Gupta leadership enabled the pursuit of scientific and artistic endeavors
YN	Did saw the increasing prominence of the Bhakti movement?	Yes
WHAT	What were assimilated into puranic Hinduism?	traditions were assimilated into puranic Hinduism
WHAT	What were formally codified?	Hindu philosophy were formally codified
WHAT	What is both an intoxicant and a god itself?	Soma is both an intoxicant and a god itself
WHO	Who reinstated Maratha authority over North India?	the young Peshwa Madhavrao I 's Maratha Resurrection reinstated Maratha authority over North India
WHAT	What was a peculiar trait of the Old Indic speakers?	His rise to prominence was a peculiar trait of the Old Indic speakers
WHO	Who developed a large number of new religious movements?	Hinduism developed a large number of new religious movements
WHAT	What was due to a process of acculturation?	post-Gupta India was due to a process of acculturation
WHAT	What declined due to conflicts with the Chola rulers of India?	Sri Vijaya declined due to conflicts with the Chola rulers of India
WHO	Who moved to India in 1879?	Helena Blavatsky moved to India in 1879
WHAT	What emerged under the pressure of the success of Buddhism and Jainism?	This synthesis emerged under the pressure of the success of Buddhism and Jainism
YN	Did 6th centuries BCE lead to the rise of new ascetic or sramana movements which challenged the orthodoxy of rituals?	Yes
WHAT	What suggest a number of Hindus were forcibly converted to Islam?	Some texts suggest a number of Hindus were forcibly converted to Islam
WHAT	What is the division into `` ancient?	Another periodisation is the division into `` ancient
YN	Had Vijayanagar Empire to Muslim rulers marked the end of Hindu imperial assertions in the Deccan?	Yes
WHAT	What competed for influence?	the Khmer Empire to the north competed for influence
WHO	Who brought all the Vedic communities together?	Shankaracharya brought all the Vedic communities together
YN	Did Chinese records) control what is now south and central Vietnam from approximately 192 through 1697?	Yes
YN	Had subjects freedom to practise any religion of their choice?	Yes
WHO	Who emerged as the main deities?	Shiva emerged as the main deities
YN	Did the Veda provide a thin?	Yes
WHO	Who declined rapidly while Hinduism faced military-led and Sultanates-sponsored religious violence?	Buddhism declined rapidly while Hinduism faced military-led and Sultanates-sponsored religious violence
YN	Do to finally gain the upper hand at all levels in the 8th century?	Yes
YN	Did other faiths show an attitude of considerable religious tolerance?	Yes
YN	Did there also start a Hindu renaissance in the 19th century?	Yes
YN	Did the subcontinent tend to adapt their religious and social life to Brahmanic norms ''?	Yes
WHAT	What had reached the Malabar Coast in the late 15th century?	Portuguese missionaries had reached the Malabar Coast in the late 15th century
WHO	Who was proclaimed 'Chhatrapati ' ( Emperor ) in 1674?	Shivaji was proclaimed 'Chhatrapati ' ( Emperor ) in 1674
YN	Did a regional Turko-Persio-Mongol dynasty form?	Yes
YN	Did caste work better with the new Puranic Hinduism than with the sramanic sects?	Yes
WHAT	What was further developed?	Their religion was further developed
YN	Does have a disproportional number of adherents among people of Indian ancestry in Suriname and the Netherlands?	Yes
WHAT	What proclaim the authority of the Vedas?	200 BCE-100 CE proclaim the authority of the Vedas
YN	Did figurines find in the Indus valley?	Yes
WHAT	What saw the emergence of various Hindu reform movements partly inspired by western movements?	The colonial period saw the emergence of various Hindu reform movements partly inspired by western movements
YN	Did the Vedic tribes move into the western Ganges Plain?	Yes
WHAT	What seem to follow Mill 's periodisation?	Michaels seem to follow Mill 's periodisation
WHAT	What reached its zenith?	the Maratha Empire reached its zenith
WHAT	What moved away from the abstract concept of Brahman?	the Bhakti movement moved away from the abstract concept of Brahman
WHAT	What are based on the concepts of Satya and Rta?	the Vedas are based on the concepts of Satya and Rta
WHAT	What is preserved in the three Vedic Samhitas?	Its liturgy is preserved in the three Vedic Samhitas
WHAT	What forms the late Classical period or early Middle Ages?	roughly 650 to 1100 CE forms the late Classical period or early Middle Ages
WHAT	What was the subject of 250 hymns?	Indra was the subject of 250 hymns
WHAT	What took the form of the Virashaiva movement?	the Bhakti movement took the form of the Virashaiva movement
YN	Did an estimate 944 million Hindus?	Yes
WHAT	What were Ramana Maharshi?	Influential 20th-century Hindus were Ramana Maharshi
WHO	Who were the first to be identified under the umbrella of 'Hinduism '?	Sulawesi were the first to be identified under the umbrella of 'Hinduism '
WHAT	What regard Hinduism as a synthesis of various Indian cultures and traditions?	Scholars regard Hinduism as a synthesis of various Indian cultures and traditions
WHAT	What describe the rites?	other treatises describe the rites
YN	Did Hinduism also gain prominence as a political force and a source for national identity in India?	Yes
WHAT	What were Australoids who may have been closely related to Aboriginal Australians?	These people were Australoids who may have been closely related to Aboriginal Australians
WHAT	What reached the Indonesian Archipelago as early as first century?	Hindu influences reached the Indonesian Archipelago as early as first century
WHAT	What started to strongly influence Southeast Asian countries?	India started to strongly influence Southeast Asian countries
YN	Did Hinduism develop a large number of new religious movements?	Yes
WHO	Who dominated much of the South-East Asian peninsula?	Hindu Khmer Empire dominated much of the South-East Asian peninsula
WHAT	What centred on the island of Sumatra in Indonesia?	a maritime empire centred on the island of Sumatra in Indonesia
WHO	Who has been identified as a possible temple?	Mohenjadaro 's Lower Town has been identified as a possible temple
WHAT	What underwent a radical transformation at the hands of the Purana composers?	the Dharmashastras underwent a radical transformation at the hands of the Purana composers
WHO	Who developed during this same period through the Bhakti movement?	Vaishnavism developed during this same period through the Bhakti movement
WHAT	What was further developed?	Their religion was further developed
WHAT	What underwent a radical transformation at the hands of the Purana composers?	the smritis underwent a radical transformation at the hands of the Purana composers
WHAT	What provided a thin?	the Veda provided a thin
WHO	Who succeeded in reading Gaudapada 's mayavada into Badarayana 's Brahma Sutras?	Shankara succeeded in reading Gaudapada 's mayavada into Badarayana 's Brahma Sutras
YN	Did the resulting Puranic Hinduism differ markedly from the earlier Brahmanism of the Dharmaśāstras and the smritis?	Yes
WHAT	What had freedom to practise any religion of their choice?	subjects had freedom to practise any religion of their choice
WHAT	What were closely related to the hypothesised Proto-Indo-European religion?	the pre-classical era were closely related to the hypothesised Proto-Indo-European religion
WHO	Who was instrumental in reviving interest in the smritis?	Shankaracharya was instrumental in reviving interest in the smritis
WHO	Who helped to incorporate certain popular totem symbols and creation myths?	perhaps even Nrsimha helped to incorporate certain popular totem symbols and creation myths
WHO	Who freed themselves from the Muslim sultans of Bijapur to the southeast and?	the Maratha freed themselves from the Muslim sultans of Bijapur to the southeast and
WHAT	What patronised the newly emerging Puranic religion?	The Guptas patronised the newly emerging Puranic religion
YN	Do the religious practices can be considered to have originated in 4,000 BCE?	Yes
YN	Did Hinduism come to fore during the three-year rule of Hindu king 'Hemu' during 1553-56?	Yes
WHAT	What is also known from the Proto-Indo-Iranian religion?	The term rta is also known from the Proto-Indo-Iranian religion
WHAT	What was an advocate of Smarta-views?	Vivekananda was an advocate of Smarta-views
WHAT	What establishes the Swaminarayan Sampraday sect around 1800?	Sahajanand Swami establishes the Swaminarayan Sampraday sect around 1800
YN	Has Advaita Vedanta acquired a broad acceptance in Indian culture and beyond as the paradigmatic example of Hindu spirituality?	Yes
WHO	Who subsumed the cults of Narayana?	Vishnu subsumed the cults of Narayana
WHAT	What intervened in a Peshwa family succession struggle in Pune?	the East India Company intervened in a Peshwa family succession struggle in Pune
WHAT	What were borrowed from this culture?	least 383 non-Indo-European words were borrowed from this culture
WHAT	What was once more divided into numerous petty or unstable kingdoms?	India was once more divided into numerous petty or unstable kingdoms
YN	Do the different Hindu gods could be worshipped?	Yes
WHO	Who was declining and had to compete with Buddhism and Jainism?	When Brahmanism was declining and had to compete with Buddhism and Jainism
YN	Did Hinduism remain under strain during Babur and Humanyun's reigns?	Yes
WHO	Who launched attacks of increasing intensity on the rituals?	The older Upanishads launched attacks of increasing intensity on the rituals
WHAT	What is an `` universal achievement '' that may be called smarta?	The result is an `` universal achievement '' that may be called smarta
WHAT	What saw the emergence of the Bhakti movement?	This period saw the emergence of the Bhakti movement
WHAT	What linked India with southern Burma?	Trade routes linked India with southern Burma
WHAT	What does not derive from Brahman-Aryan sources?	[ Jainism ] does not derive from Brahman-Aryan sources
WHO	Who had been members of the families of Sukarno 's PNI?	Many recent converts to Hinduism had been members of the families of Sukarno 's PNI
WHAT	What was Hinduism and the culture was heavily influenced by India?	the Cham people was Hinduism and the culture was heavily influenced by India
WHAT	What witnessed the composition of the earliest Upanishads?	8th centuries BCE witnessed the composition of the earliest Upanishads
WHAT	What specialized in this Smriti tradition?	Not all Brahmins specialized in this Smriti tradition
YN	Did Kannada literature-poetry call Vachanas was born?	Yes
WHAT	What was the Sikh Empire?	India was the Sikh Empire
WHAT	What lost its position after the 8th century?	Buddhism lost its position after the 8th century
YN	Is Hinduism often divided into periods of development?	Yes
WHAT	What had translated the Sanskrit Panchatantra?	Burzoe had translated the Sanskrit Panchatantra
WHAT	What emerged which preceded later nationalism?	a historicization emerged which preceded later nationalism
WHAT	What were very much influenced by them were Rabindranath Tagore?	the prominent figures whose ideals were very much influenced by them were Rabindranath Tagore
WHAT	What is often divided into periods of development?	Hinduism is often divided into periods of development
WHAT	What show swastikas?	Some Indus valley seals show swastikas
WHAT	What worked better with the new Puranic Hinduism than with the sramanic sects?	caste worked better with the new Puranic Hinduism than with the sramanic sects
WHO	Who remained under strain during Babur and Humanyun 's reigns?	Hinduism remained under strain during Babur and Humanyun 's reigns
WHO	Who was a pre-Angkor Cambodian kingdom?	Funan was a pre-Angkor Cambodian kingdom
WHO	Who was the sacrificial religion of the early Indo-Aryans?	Vedism was the sacrificial religion of the early Indo-Aryans
YN	Did the kingdom happen in the 2nd century?	Yes
YN	Has Hinduism been driven also by the famous Javanese prophesies of Sabdapalon and Jayabaya?	Yes
WHAT	What have inspired numerous Indians as well as non-Indians?	sayings have inspired numerous Indians as well as non-Indians
YN	Did perhaps even Nrsimha help to incorporate certain popular totem symbols and creation myths?	Yes
WHAT	What was founded by Karaikkal-ammaiyar?	The first documented bhakti movement was founded by Karaikkal-ammaiyar
YN	Is modern Hinduism the reflection of continuity and progressive changes that occurred in various traditions and institutions of Hinduism during the 19th and 20th centuries?	Yes
WHAT	What are largely completed?	the Vedas are largely completed
YN	Did aid in part by teachers such as Ramanuja?	Yes
YN	Were spreading Hinduism to a western audience Swami Vivekananda?	Yes
WHAT	What was enlarged by incorporating local subgroups?	The Brahmanic group was enlarged by incorporating local subgroups
WHAT	What is the principle of integration rooted in the Absolute?	Satya is the principle of integration rooted in the Absolute
WHAT	What flourished side by side?	Buddhist philosophies flourished side by side
WHAT	What moved into the western Ganges Plain?	the Vedic tribes moved into the western Ganges Plain
WHAT	What emerged under the pressure of the success of Buddhism and Jainism?	This synthesis emerged under the pressure of the success of Buddhism and Jainism
WHAT	What was taken over by Hindu reform movements as the Brahmo Samaj?	a Vedic essence was taken over by Hindu reform movements as the Brahmo Samaj
WHO	Who was comparatively less tolerant of other faiths than his predecessors had been?	Aurangzeb was comparatively less tolerant of other faiths than his predecessors had been
WHAT	What traced back to the establishment of the Hindu Mahasabha in the 1910s?	origins traced back to the establishment of the Hindu Mahasabha in the 1910s
YN	Did the smritis undergo a radical transformation at the hands of the Purana composers?	Yes
WHAT	What has emerged as a strong political force since the 1980s?	Hindu nationalism has emerged as a strong political force since the 1980s
WHO	Who was at the centre of this development?	Angkor was at the centre of this development
YN	Did Maharani Jagat) keep religious moderation as a centre-piece of state policy which was extended under his son?	Yes
WHAT	What regarding religion was Din-i-Ilahi ( Faith of God )?	Emperor Akbar 's most unusual ideas regarding religion was Din-i-Ilahi ( Faith of God )
WHAT	What is Pura Mandaragiri Sumeru Agung?	eastern Java is Pura Mandaragiri Sumeru Agung
WHAT	What denotes a wide variety of related Hindu denominations native to the Indian Subcontinent?	Hinduism denotes a wide variety of related Hindu denominations native to the Indian Subcontinent
WHO	Who became the focus of a strong bhakti tradition?	Krishna became the focus of a strong bhakti tradition
WHAT	What called Vachanas was born?	Kannada literature-poetry called Vachanas was born
WHAT	What have formed in all continents?	Hindu minorities have formed in all continents
YN	Does 200 BCE-100 CE proclaim the authority of the Vedas?	Yes
YN	Did destroy Hindu temples and persecuted non-Muslims?	Yes
WHAT	What is the oldest?	the Rig-Veda is the oldest
WHAT	What collected in the Brahmanas compiled during the early 1st millennium BCE?	orthopraxy collected in the Brahmanas compiled during the early 1st millennium BCE
WHAT	What established a strong central government which also allowed a degree of local control?	The Gupta established a strong central government which also allowed a degree of local control
YN	Is which classical Puranic Hinduism established?	Yes
WHAT	What subsumed numerous Naga?	The Krishna tradition subsumed numerous Naga
WHO	Who claimed to be rejecting all non-Vedic beliefs altogether?	Dayananda claimed to be rejecting all non-Vedic beliefs altogether
WHO	Who was patronised by Ashoka?	this time Buddhism was patronised by Ashoka
WHAT	What were synthesised into a theistic framework by the sacred Hindu scripture Bhagavad Gita?	the Upanishads were synthesised into a theistic framework by the sacred Hindu scripture Bhagavad Gita
YN	Did the Dharmashastras undergo a radical transformation at the hands of the Purana composers?	Yes
WHO	Who were mentioned gods?	Murugan were mentioned gods
WHAT	What show animals?	Many Indus valley seals show animals
WHAT	What has been driven also by the famous Javanese prophesies of Sabdapalon and Jayabaya?	Hinduism has been driven also by the famous Javanese prophesies of Sabdapalon and Jayabaya
YN	Did the numerous write by Muslim court historians?	Yes
WHAT	What were heaped on brahmanas?	virgin waste-land were heaped on brahmanas
YN	Does Hinduism take place under the sign of bhakti ''?	Yes
WHAT	What is occurring in all parts of the country?	Indonesia is occurring in all parts of the country
YN	Has Hindu nationalism emerged as a strong political force since the 1980s?	Yes
WHAT	What was Islam?	the Mughal Empire was Islam
WHAT	What were a branch of the Indo-European language family?	The Indo-Aryans were a branch of the Indo-European language family
YN	Did he wanted to develop missionary Hinduism base on the universality of the Vedas?	Yes
WHAT	What go back further to the Sintashta culture?	this culture go back further to the Sintashta culture
WHAT	What has been criticised?	This periodisation has been criticised
WHAT	What fell under British rule ( partly indirectly?	The entire subcontinent fell under British rule ( partly indirectly
WHAT	What were served by the Eastern Christian Churches?	St Thomas Christians were served by the Eastern Christian Churches
WHO	Who had different connexions to Southeast Asian countries?	Early Pallavas had different connexions to Southeast Asian countries
YN	Did the Bhakti movement move away from the abstract concept of Brahman?	Yes
WHAT	What showed an attitude of considerable religious tolerance?	other faiths showed an attitude of considerable religious tolerance
YN	Did marry Kaundinya and their lineage became the royal dynasty of Funan?	Yes
WHAT	What had marked the end of Hindu imperial assertions in the Deccan?	Vijayanagar Empire to Muslim rulers had marked the end of Hindu imperial assertions in the Deccan
WHAT	What had to compete for recognition by the local lords?	Religious movements had to compete for recognition by the local lords
YN	Does Hinduism denote a wide variety of related Hindu denominations native to the Indian Subcontinent?	Yes
YN	Do this culture go back further to the Sintashta culture?	Yes
YN	Have Vedic Sanskrit cognates in the religious vocabulary of other Indo-European languages (deva?	Yes
YN	Did the Maratha Empire reach its zenith?	Yes
WHAT	What are also found in the Indonesian island of Bali?	Adherents are also found in the Indonesian island of Bali
WHAT	What tended to adapt their religious and social life to Brahmanic norms ''?	the subcontinent tended to adapt their religious and social life to Brahmanic norms ''
WHAT	What provided extensive genealogies which gave status to the new kshatriyas?	The Puranic texts provided extensive genealogies which gave status to the new kshatriyas
WHAT	What is the Rigveda?	the Vedas is the Rigveda
WHO	Who led a reform in Hinduism in the late 19th century?	his pupil Swami Vivekananda led a reform in Hinduism in the late 19th century
WHAT	What was reinforced?	the Brahmans was reinforced
YN	Did distinguish three phases in the history of India?	Yes
WHAT	What founded the Ramakrishna Mission?	Vivekananda founded the Ramakrishna Mission
WHO	Who reinstated Maratha authority over North India?	the Peshwa Madhavrao I 's Maratha Resurrection reinstated Maratha authority over North India
WHO	Who came to fore during the three-year rule of Hindu king 'Hemu ' during 1553-56?	Hinduism came to fore during the three-year rule of Hindu king 'Hemu ' during 1553-56
YN	Did differ markedly from the earlier Brahmanism of the Dharmasastras and the smritis?	Yes
YN	Did the Indian subcontinent – the Sikh states of the Punjab?	Yes
WHAT	What became decentralised in India?	power became decentralised in India
YN	Did Hinduism once again rise to political prestige?	Yes
WHAT	What created the concept of the cycle of birth and death?	part created the concept of the cycle of birth and death
YN	Did Buddhist philosophies flourish side by side?	Yes
WHAT	What have cognates in the religious vocabulary of other Indo-European languages ( deva?	Vedic Sanskrit have cognates in the religious vocabulary of other Indo-European languages ( deva
WHAT	What took Old Indic throne names?	The Mitanni kings took Old Indic throne names
WHAT	What was comparatively non-repressive?	North India was comparatively non-repressive
WHAT	What are therefore the earliest evidences of monotheistic Bhakti traditions?	These works are therefore the earliest evidences of monotheistic Bhakti traditions
WHAT	What helped establish a religious mainstream among the pre-literate tribal societies undergoing acculturation?	The Puranas helped establish a religious mainstream among the pre-literate tribal societies undergoing acculturation
WHAT	What has 10 Mandalas ( 'books ' )?	The Rigveda has 10 Mandalas ( 'books ' )
YN	Did Sri Vijaya decline due to conflicts with the Chola rulers of India?	Yes
WHAT	What saw the first Sankrit inscriptions in a script called Grantha?	The Pallava reign saw the first Sankrit inscriptions in a script called Grantha
WHAT	What have also occurred in the region around Pura Agung Blambangan?	Mass conversions have also occurred in the region around Pura Agung Blambangan
WHAT	What succeeded the Singhasari empire?	The Majapahit Empire succeeded the Singhasari empire
WHAT	What searched for the `` essence '' of the Indian religions?	Western orientalist searched for the `` essence '' of the Indian religions
WHAT	What is also regarded as the greatest teacher and reformer of the Smartha Tradition?	Shankara is also regarded as the greatest teacher and reformer of the Smartha Tradition
YN	Did dedicating temples to different deities come into vogue followed by fine artistic temple architecture and sculpture (see Vastu Shastra)?	Yes
WHAT	What found in the Indus valley?	figurines found in the Indus valley
WHO	Who advocated the doctrine of karma and reincarnation?	Dayananda advocated the doctrine of karma and reincarnation
WHAT	What is dated back to 2nd millennium BCE?	earlier Vedic age is dated back to 2nd millennium BCE
WHAT	What are into Vaishnavism ( largely influenced by Bhakti )?	Its main divisions are into Vaishnavism ( largely influenced by Bhakti )
WHAT	What derive from the PIE *Manu and *Yemo?	Yama derive from the PIE *Manu and *Yemo
WHAT	What were ruled via a feudal system?	The kingdoms were ruled via a feudal system
WHAT	What plays an important role in the nationalist movement?	Hindu religiosity plays an important role in the nationalist movement
WHAT	What started to be replaced by Hindu gods in pujas?	the Buddha started to be replaced by Hindu gods in pujas
YN	Did power become decentralised in India?	Yes
WHAT	What stretched from Tamil Nadu in the south?	its peak stretched from Tamil Nadu in the south
WHAT	What were pastoralists?	1100 BCE ) Vedic tribes were pastoralists
WHAT	What regard Hinduism as a fusion or synthesis of various Indian cultures and traditions?	Western scholars regard Hinduism as a fusion or synthesis of various Indian cultures and traditions
WHAT	What were invited to the conferences on sciences and mathematics held in Baghdad?	Hindu scholars were invited to the conferences on sciences and mathematics held in Baghdad