WHAT	What are known from Gandhara?	Kushans are known from Gandhara
WHAT	What were being produced and carried by monks?	Buddhist books were being produced and carried by monks
WHO	Who tells us the Kushans ( Kuei-shuang ) divided up Bactria in 128 BC?	Han tells us the Kushans ( Kuei-shuang ) divided up Bactria in 128 BC
YN	Were the Kushan empire ultimately wiped out in the 5th century by the invasions of the Hephthalites?	Yes
YN	Had Kushan coins images of Kushan Kings?	Yes
YN	Have the great Kushan emperor Vima Kadphises may embraced Saivism (a sect of Hinduism)?	Yes
WHAT	What was known for the kushan Buddhist city of Merv?	Turkmenistan was known for the kushan Buddhist city of Merv
YN	Is the Kushan religious pantheon extremely varied?	Yes
WHAT	What are said to have found many Buddhist scrolls that contained the Gandhari language?	Scholars are said to have found many Buddhist scrolls that contained the Gandhari language
YN	Did who flourish for about 13 years from c. 127?	Yes
WHAT	What elavoor ] of Guishuang?	the prince [ elavoor ] of Guishuang
WHAT	What is dated to `` the 28th year of the reign of Huvishka ''?	The statue is dated to `` the 28th year of the reign of Huvishka ''
WHAT	What encouraged long-distance trade?	such a vast expanse encouraged long-distance trade
WHAT	What claiming they were a loose confederation of Indo-European peoples?	some people claiming they were a loose confederation of Indo-European peoples
WHAT	What is renowned in Buddhist tradition for having convened a great Buddhist council in Kashmir?	Kanishka is renowned in Buddhist tradition for having convened a great Buddhist council in Kashmir
WHAT	What describe the cities which were under the rule of Kanishka?	the inscription describe the cities which were under the rule of Kanishka
WHAT	What is extremely varied?	The Kushan religious pantheon is extremely varied
WHO	Who was the great-grandfather of Kanishka?	Kujula Kadphises was the great-grandfather of Kanishka
YN	Did the Kushan Empire expand militarily to the north and occupied parts of the Tarim Basin?	Yes
WHAT	What was a period of retrenchment and consolidation for the Empire?	His rule was a period of retrenchment and consolidation for the Empire
WHAT	What had diplomatic contacts with the Roman Empire?	The Kushan dynasty had diplomatic contacts with the Roman Empire
WHAT	What are known to have built fortresses?	the Kushans are known to have built fortresses
WHAT	What was more than eighty years old?	Qiujiuque [ Kujula Kadphises ] was more than eighty years old
WHAT	What consists of eastern Afghanistan and northern Pakistan?	Gandhara consists of eastern Afghanistan and northern Pakistan
WHO	Who established a kingdom centered on Kashgar?	Kanishka established a kingdom centered on Kashgar
WHO	Who started adopting aspects of Buddhist culture?	many Kushans started adopting aspects of Buddhist culture
YN	Had the Kushan dynasty diplomatic contacts with the Roman Empire?	Yes
WHO	Who sent his armies north of the Karakoram mountains?	Kanishka sent his armies north of the Karakoram mountains
WHAT	What seem to have been rather prosperous?	The Kidarite seem to have been rather prosperous
YN	Was the Kushan state bounded to the south by the Pārata state of Balochistan?	Yes
WHAT	What has yielded a considerable amount of goods imported from the Roman Empire?	Begram has yielded a considerable amount of goods imported from the Roman Empire
WHAT	What is present in an area stretching from Surkh Kotal?	long duration is present in an area stretching from Surkh Kotal
WHO	Who was adopted in the West and modified into Kushan to designate the confederation?	The name Guishuang was adopted in the West and modified into Kushan to designate the confederation
WHAT	What adopted elements of the Hellenistic culture of Bactria?	The Kushans adopted elements of the Hellenistic culture of Bactria
WHO	Who is considered by Buddhism as one of its greatest benefactors?	Kanishka is considered by Buddhism as one of its greatest benefactors
YN	Does Kidarite coins indicate they claimed Kushan heritage?	Yes
YN	Has Begram yielded a considerable amount of goods imported from the Roman Empire?	Yes
YN	Did the following Kushan emperors represent a wide variety of faiths including Zoroastrianism?	Yes
WHAT	What were one of five branches of the Yuezhi confederation?	The Kushans were one of five branches of the Yuezhi confederation
WHAT	What remained under Kushan control for more than a century?	Gandhara to China remained under Kushan control for more than a century
WHO	Who made various forays into the Tarim Basin?	Kanishka made various forays into the Tarim Basin
WHAT	What contained more than thirty different gods?	These coins contained more than thirty different gods
WHAT	What was based in the Punjab?	The Eastern Kushan kingdom was based in the Punjab
WHAT	What became independent under local dynasties such as the Yaudheyas?	the Gangetic plain became independent under local dynasties such as the Yaudheyas
YN	Did the Kushan empire fragment into semi-independent kingdoms in the 3rd century AD?	Yes
WHAT	What call [ their king ] the Guishuang [ Kushan ] king?	All the kingdoms call [ their king ] the Guishuang [ Kushan ] king
WHAT	What reported son of Vasudeva III?	Vasudeva III reported son of Vasudeva III
WHAT	What are represented on early coins?	Greek names are represented on early coins
WHAT	What inherited the Greco-Buddhist traditions of the Indo-Greek Kingdom they replaced?	The Kushans inherited the Greco-Buddhist traditions of the Indo-Greek Kingdom they replaced
WHO	Who was a great patron of Buddhism?	Kanishka was a great patron of Buddhism
WHAT	What were eventually overwhelmed by invaders from the north?	Kushano-Sasanian kingdoms were eventually overwhelmed by invaders from the north
YN	Did continue the traditions of Greco-Buddhist art and are the best known expressions of Kushan influences to Westerners?	Yes
WHAT	What had images of Kushan Kings?	Kushan coins had images of Kushan Kings
WHAT	What was created within its borders?	science was created within its borders
WHAT	What requested a Han princess?	the Kushans requested a Han princess
WHAT	What indicates they claimed Kushan heritage?	Kidarite coins indicates they claimed Kushan heritage
WHAT	What are known in Takht-I-Sangin?	Archaeological structures are known in Takht-I-Sangin
WHAT	What bear a 'Ganesa ' legend?	Huvishka bear a 'Ganesa ' legend
WHAT	What appear on the coins?	only two divinities appear on the coins
WHAT	What was administered from two capitals?	His territory was administered from two capitals
WHO	Who added to the Kushan territory by his conquests in Afghanistan and north-west Pakistan?	Vima Kadphises added to the Kushan territory by his conquests in Afghanistan and north-west Pakistan
YN	Was the Eastern Kushan kingdom based in the Punjab?	Yes
WHAT	What include Khwarezm Kausambi ( excavations of Allahabad University )?	probable rule include Khwarezm Kausambi ( excavations of Allahabad University )
WHAT	What fragmented into semi-independent kingdoms in the 3rd century AD?	The Kushan empire fragmented into semi-independent kingdoms in the 3rd century AD
WHAT	What expanded militarily to the north and occupied parts of the Tarim Basin?	the Kushan Empire expanded militarily to the north and occupied parts of the Tarim Basin
WHAT	What named Kidara overthrew the Indo-Sasanians and remnants of the old Kushan dynasty?	360 a Kidarite Hun named Kidara overthrew the Indo-Sasanians and remnants of the old Kushan dynasty
WHAT	What reported possible child of Vasudeva III?	Vasudeva IV reported possible child of Vasudeva III