WHAT	What was erected in honor of Kuvara Lakshma?	Halebidu was erected in honor of Kuvara Lakshma
WHAT	What are scattered across Karnataka?	a hundred surviving temples are scattered across Karnataka
YN	Was the Hoysala empire a prominent Kannadiga empire that ruled most of the what is now Karnataka?	Yes
WHAT	What were written in it on palm leaves which were tied together?	Literary works were written in it on palm leaves which were tied together
YN	Did the Hoysala court support scholars such as Janna?	Yes
WHAT	What used in compositions?	The Sangatya metre used in compositions
YN	Were the Hoysala rulers originally from Malenadu?	Yes
WHAT	What were originally from Malenadu?	The Hoysala rulers were originally from Malenadu
WHAT	What became increasingly sophisticated?	the society became increasingly sophisticated
WHAT	What collected taxes on irrigation systems including tanks?	The Hoysalas collected taxes on irrigation systems including tanks
YN	Does the Hoysala artists achieved this with the use of Soapstone (Chloritic schist)?	Yes
WHAT	What was responsible for collecting government land taxes?	The village assembly was responsible for collecting government land taxes
WHAT	What were called Pattana or Pattanam and the marketplace?	towns were called Pattana or Pattanam and the marketplace
WHAT	What was suitable for raising cattle and the planting of orchards and spices?	its temperate climate was suitable for raising cattle and the planting of orchards and spices
YN	Were the Hoysala time at Dambal and Balligavi?	Yes
WHAT	What artists achieved this with the use of Soapstone ( Chloritic schist )?	The Hoysala artists achieved this with the use of Soapstone ( Chloritic schist )
YN	Was the Hoysala era an important period in the development of art?	Yes
WHAT	What was Chandramouli?	HIs patron was Chandramouli
YN	Was the Seuna empire subjugated by 1318 and the Hoysala capital Halebidu was sacked twice?	Yes
WHAT	What was initially located at Belur but was later moved to Halebidu?	the Hoysalas was initially located at Belur but was later moved to Halebidu
WHAT	What are generally clockwise in the traditional direction of circumambulation ( pradakshina )?	These depictions are generally clockwise in the traditional direction of circumambulation ( pradakshina )
WHAT	What is carried through the tower in an orderly succession of decorated tiers?	recesses is carried through the tower in an orderly succession of decorated tiers
WHO	Who defeated the aggressive Pandya?	Veera Ballala II defeated the aggressive Pandya
YN	Were Vijayanagar empire followers of Vaishnavism and a Vaishnava temple with an image of Ramanuja exists in the Vitthalapura area of Vijayanagara?	Yes
WHAT	What is remembered today primarily for Hoysala architecture?	The empire is remembered today primarily for Hoysala architecture
WHAT	What was an important period in the development of art?	The Hoysala era was an important period in the development of art
WHAT	What was called Honnu or Gadyana and weighed 62 grains of gold?	Their gold coin was called Honnu or Gadyana and weighed 62 grains of gold
WHAT	What is described as Karnata Dravida as distinguished from the traditional Dravida?	The Hoysala architecture style is described as Karnata Dravida as distinguished from the traditional Dravida
WHAT	What extended their foothold in areas known today as Tamil Nadu around 1225?	The Hoysalas extended their foothold in areas known today as Tamil Nadu around 1225
WHAT	What moved closely yet inconspicuously by the side of their master?	These servants moved closely yet inconspicuously by the side of their master
WHAT	What were Shravanabelagola and Panchakuta Basadi?	the Hoysala territory were Shravanabelagola and Panchakuta Basadi
YN	Were the Hoysala territory Shravanabelagola and Panchakuta Basadi?	Yes
YN	Is Hoysala temple architecture its attention to exquisite detail and skilled craftsmanship?	Yes
WHAT	What produced an influx of new cultures and skills?	the empire produced an influx of new cultures and skills
WHAT	What were the only remaining Hindu empire who resisted the invading armies?	The Hoysalas were the only remaining Hindu empire who resisted the invading armies
WHAT	What stating the title?	bilingual inscriptions stating the title
WHO	Who was killed at the battle of Madurai in 1343?	Veera Ballala III was killed at the battle of Madurai in 1343
WHAT	What spread his teachings far and wide?	the Karnataka region spread his teachings far and wide
WHAT	What reflected the emerging religious?	many ways reflected the emerging religious
WHAT	What were levied on professions?	Taxes were levied on professions
WHO	Who served as local schools?	Temples served as local schools
WHAT	What had dominated Kannada literature?	past centuries Jain works had dominated Kannada literature
YN	Was creating an independent empire fulfilled by his grandson Veera Ballala II?	Yes
YN	Did the Hoysala Empire follow some of the well-established and proven methods of its predecessors covering administrative functions such as cabinet organisation and command?	Yes
WHAT	What were called Ghatikas?	higher learning were called Ghatikas
WHO	Who was a tenth of the Honnu?	Hana was a tenth of the Honnu
WHAT	What were at Dambal and Balligavi?	the Hoysala time were at Dambal and Balligavi
YN	Did the Hoysala administration support itself through revenues from an agrarian economy?	Yes
WHO	Who wrote Yashodharacharite?	the Jain scholar Janna wrote Yashodharacharite
WHAT	What built by rich landlords in rural areas fulfilled fiscal?	Temples built by rich landlords in rural areas fulfilled fiscal
WHAT	What continued to extol the virtues of Tirthankaras ( Jain saviour figures )?	Jain works continued to extol the virtues of Tirthankaras ( Jain saviour figures )
YN	Did the Hoysala era saw the complete displacement of Sanskrit?	Yes
YN	Do they annex areas of present-day Karnataka and the fertile areas north of the Kaveri delta in present-day Tamil Nadu?	Yes
WHAT	What had conquered the Pandyas of Madurai?	the Sultan had conquered the Pandyas of Madurai
WHAT	What were taking place in the Deccan region in the early 14th century?	Major political changes were taking place in the Deccan region in the early 14th century
WHAT	What was profound?	South India was profound
WHAT	What was Rudraprshnabhashya by Vidyatirtha?	Another famous writing was Rudraprshnabhashya by Vidyatirtha
YN	Did the Hoysala dynasty begin its transformation into a strong subordinate of the Western Chalukya Empire?	Yes
WHAT	What wrote Vaishnavite works upholding the teachings of Ramanuja?	Mysore wrote Vaishnavite works upholding the teachings of Ramanuja
WHAT	What are the best known because of the beauty of their sculptures?	Halebidu are the best known because of the beauty of their sculptures
WHAT	What was prevalent and prostitution was socially acceptable?	a voluntary form was prevalent and prostitution was socially acceptable
WHAT	What was strong?	the Kannada language was strong
YN	Did many ways reflect the emerging religious?	Yes
WHAT	What brought many foreigners to India including Arabs?	the west coast brought many foreigners to India including Arabs
YN	Did the empire produce an influx of new cultures and skills?	Yes
WHAT	What is its attention to exquisite detail and skilled craftsmanship?	Hoysala temple architecture is its attention to exquisite detail and skilled craftsmanship
WHAT	What is dated 950 and names Arekalla as the chieftain?	The first Hoysala family record is dated 950 and names Arekalla as the chieftain
YN	Is the Hoysala architecture style described as Karnata Dravida as distinguished from the traditional Dravida?	Yes
WHAT	What based on the teachings of these philosophers were written during the coming centuries?	poetry based on the teachings of these philosophers were written during the coming centuries
YN	Is the empire remembered today primarily for Hoysala architecture?	Yes
YN	Does Hoysala temple sculpture replicate this emphasis on delicacy and craftsmanship in its focus on depicting feminine beauty?	Yes
WHAT	What supported scholars such as Janna?	The Hoysala court supported scholars such as Janna
WHAT	What are a proposed UNESCO world heritage sites?	Halebidu are a proposed UNESCO world heritage sites
WHAT	What were called Pancha Pradhanas?	Senior ministers were called Pancha Pradhanas
WHAT	What were written in the Champu style?	the 12th century some works were written in the Champu style
WHAT	What achieved the status of a real kingdom for the first time?	the Hoysalas achieved the status of a real kingdom for the first time
WHO	Who continued to govern their respective territories while following the policies set by the empire?	Alupas continued to govern their respective territories while following the policies set by the empire
WHAT	What describe the participation of women in the fine arts?	Records describe the participation of women in the fine arts
WHAT	What took place in present-day Karnataka inspired by three philosophers?	three important religious developments took place in present-day Karnataka inspired by three philosophers
WHAT	What known as Garudas protected the members of the royal family at all times?	bodyguards known as Garudas protected the members of the royal family at all times
WHO	Who was used to state terms of the grants?	Kannada was used to state terms of the grants
YN	Is the first Hoysala family record dated 950 and names Arekalla as the chieftain?	Yes
WHAT	What supported itself through revenues from an agrarian economy?	The Hoysala administration supported itself through revenues from an agrarian economy
YN	Did the Hoysala rulers also patronise the fine arts?	Yes
WHAT	What exported textiles?	South India exported textiles
WHAT	What tells a tale of a young man?	Kannada folklore tells a tale of a young man
WHAT	What remained popular during the Hoysala rule?	Sanskrit literature remained popular during the Hoysala rule
WHAT	What was conspicuously present?	a caste system was conspicuously present
WHAT	What inspired later philosophers like Vallabha in Gujarat and Chaitanya Mahaprabhu in Bengal?	His teachings inspired later philosophers like Vallabha in Gujarat and Chaitanya Mahaprabhu in Bengal
WHO	Who were created at the expense of the state?	Ballalarayasagara were created at the expense of the state
WHAT	What supported by royal patronage served religious?	Large temples supported by royal patronage served religious
WHAT	What was divided into provinces named Nadu?	The kingdom was divided into provinces named Nadu
WHAT	What began its transformation into a strong subordinate of the Western Chalukya Empire?	the Hoysala dynasty began its transformation into a strong subordinate of the Western Chalukya Empire
WHAT	What gained popularity?	His Dvaita Vedanta gained popularity
WHAT	What were staple crops in the tropical plains ( Bailnad )?	corn were staple crops in the tropical plains ( Bailnad )
WHAT	What was subjugated by 1318 and the Hoysala capital Halebidu was sacked twice?	The Seuna empire was subjugated by 1318 and the Hoysala capital Halebidu was sacked twice
WHAT	What show the names of many high-ranking positions reporting directly to the king?	Records show the names of many high-ranking positions reporting directly to the king