WHAT	What was rain-fed?	The Ghaggar-Hakra system ] was rain-fed
WHAT	What is also named the Harappan civilisation after Harappa?	The Indus Valley Civilisation is also named the Harappan civilisation after Harappa
WHAT	What are marked by their diversity?	the Harappan civilisation are marked by their diversity
YN	Does Indus Valley lack any monumental palaces?	Yes
WHO	Who proposed that the invasion of an Indo-European tribe from Central Asia?	1953 Sir Mortimer Wheeler proposed that the invasion of an Indo-European tribe from Central Asia
YN	Do northern Iran which suggest considerable mobility and trade?	Yes
WHAT	What appear to have been traders or artisans?	Most city dwellers appear to have been traders or artisans
WHAT	What had been found by 2008?	settlements had been found by 2008
WHAT	What were not uniform throughout the area?	actual weights were not uniform throughout the area
WHAT	What is also named the Harappan civilisation after Harappa?	The Indus Valley Civilisation is also named the Harappan civilisation after Harappa
WHAT	What linked this culture with related regional cultures and distant sources of raw materials?	Trade networks linked this culture with related regional cultures and distant sources of raw materials
WHAT	What produced in these small communities did not allow development of trade?	The small surplus produced in these small communities did not allow development of trade
WHAT	What were found ( ca?	Terracotta female figurines were found ( ca
WHAT	What are still practised in the subcontinent today?	these crafts are still practised in the subcontinent today
YN	Did the Harappan civilisation last from c. 2600 to 1900 BCE?	Yes
YN	Did Indus cities most likely protect the Harappans from floods and may have dissuaded military conflicts?	Yes
WHAT	What continued to be occupied for some centuries?	Many sites continued to be occupied for some centuries
YN	Have the Indus Valley people received considerable attention?	Yes
WHAT	What did not disappear suddenly?	the Indus Valley Civilisation did not disappear suddenly
WHAT	What associated with the Late phase of the Harappan culture are Pirak in Balochistan?	Other sites associated with the Late phase of the Harappan culture are Pirak in Balochistan
WHAT	What shows that Indus Valley people migrated from villages to cities?	The latest research shows that Indus Valley people migrated from villages to cities
WHAT	What grew significantly cooler and drier from about 1800 BCE?	The Indus Valley climate grew significantly cooler and drier from about 1800 BCE
WHO	Who suggest an initial local development of Mehrgarh?	Hemphill suggest an initial local development of Mehrgarh
WHAT	What shows a seated figure with a horned headdress?	One Indus Valley seal shows a seated figure with a horned headdress
YN	Is the Indus Valley Civilisation also named the Harappan civilisation after Harappa?	Yes
WHAT	What represents the phase leading up to Mature Harappan?	Kot Diji represents the phase leading up to Mature Harappan
WHAT	What appears to have depended significantly on trade?	The Indus civilisation 's economy appears to have depended significantly on trade
WHAT	What had domesticated numerous crops?	villagers had domesticated numerous crops
YN	Is this Harappan civilisation sometimes called the Mature Harappan culture to distinguish it from the cultures immediately preceding and following it?	Yes
WHAT	What emerged within the area of the Indus civilisation?	multiple regional cultures emerged within the area of the Indus civilisation
WHAT	What included cows?	These terracotta figurines included cows
WHAT	What has also been called by some the `` Sarasvati culture ''?	The Indus Valley Civilisation has also been called by some the `` Sarasvati culture ''
WHAT	What had access to water and drainage facilities?	All the houses had access to water and drainage facilities
YN	Have Indus sites been discovered in Pakistan's northwestern Frontier Province as well?	Yes
WHAT	What include Harappa?	Such urban centres include Harappa
WHAT	What turned into large urban centres?	the Early Harappan communities turned into large urban centres
WHAT	What are characterised by the building of large walled settlements?	the Early Harappan period are characterised by the building of large walled settlements
WHAT	What remains debated?	the citadel remains debated
WHAT	What has earned some support?	Marshall 's work has earned some support
YN	Did the Indus Valley Civilisation do not disappear suddenly?	Yes
WHAT	What are no more than four or five characters in length?	Typical Indus inscriptions are no more than four or five characters in length
YN	Did the Indus Valley put the civilisations that arose there in a highly similar situation to those in Egypt and Peru?	Yes
WHAT	What were probably small?	these boats were probably small
WHAT	What were deliberately vandalised?	Stone sculptures were deliberately vandalised
WHAT	What is not directly attested?	The Harappan language is not directly attested
WHAT	What were preceded by local Neolithic agricultural villages?	The early Harappan cultures were preceded by local Neolithic agricultural villages
WHAT	What have been marked by ambiguity and subjectivity?	These interpretations have been marked by ambiguity and subjectivity
WHAT	What are employed for the periodisation of the IVC?	Several periodisations are employed for the periodisation of the IVC
WHAT	What reduced the water supply enough to cause the civilisation 's demise?	Aridification reduced the water supply enough to cause the civilisation 's demise
WHAT	What were constructed in a highly uniform and well-planned grid pattern?	the cities were constructed in a highly uniform and well-planned grid pattern
WHAT	What was in Punjab?	The Cemetery H culture was in Punjab
WHAT	What became feasible with the development of plank-built watercraft?	Such long-distance sea trade became feasible with the development of plank-built watercraft
YN	Is the Indus Valley Civilisation named after the Indus Valley?	Yes
YN	Does Indus Valley people remain unclear?	Yes
WHAT	What are known in any other early ancient civilisations?	No parallels to these mass-produced inscriptions are known in any other early ancient civilisations
WHAT	What shows a half-human?	Mohenjo-daro shows a half-human
WHAT	What were no longer maintained?	the public bath were no longer maintained
YN	Are typical Indus inscriptions no more than four or five characters in length?	Yes
YN	Were the Indus Valley civilisation excavated as far west as Sutkagan Dor in Pakistani Balochistan?	Yes
WHAT	What are known?	100 settlement sites are known
WHAT	What remains unclear?	Indus Valley people remains unclear
WHAT	What have been discovered in Pakistan 's northwestern Frontier Province as well?	Indus sites have been discovered in Pakistan 's northwestern Frontier Province as well
WHO	Who identified a resemblance to the Hindu god?	Sir John Marshall identified a resemblance to the Hindu god
YN	Did `` two wholly artificial systems invent by the authors?	Yes
WHAT	What is shown by their impressive dockyards?	the Harappans is shown by their impressive dockyards
WHAT	What are noted for their urban planning?	The Indus cities are noted for their urban planning
WHO	Who used domesticated wheats and barley?	Mehrgarh used domesticated wheats and barley
WHAT	What have been also found in Mesopotamian sites?	Indus script have been also found in Mesopotamian sites
WHAT	What declined and aridity increased?	The Indian monsoon declined and aridity increased
WHAT	What has the earliest evidence for cremation?	The Cemetery H culture has the earliest evidence for cremation
WHAT	What indicate that the decline of Harappa drove people eastward?	Archaeological excavations indicate that the decline of Harappa drove people eastward
YN	Do many Indus Valley seals show animals?	Yes
WHAT	What is described as `` showing some continuity with mature Harappan pottery traditions?	the Late Harappan period is described as `` showing some continuity with mature Harappan pottery traditions
YN	Did the Indus Valley Civilisation (IVC) encompass much of Pakistan?	Yes
WHO	Who lacks any monumental palaces?	Indus Valley lacks any monumental palaces
WHAT	What obtained water from wells?	homes obtained water from wells
YN	Have Indus script been also found in Mesopotamian sites?	Yes
WHAT	What is named after the Indus Valley?	The Indus Valley Civilisation is named after the Indus Valley
WHAT	What was remarkable?	the Harappans was remarkable
YN	Does the Indus civilisation's economy appear to have depended significantly on trade?	Yes
YN	Are the Harappan civilisation marked by their diversity?	Yes
WHAT	What were made at Ras al-Jinz ( Oman )?	important archaeological discoveries were made at Ras al-Jinz ( Oman )
WHAT	What has been tentatively identified with the toponym Meluhha known from Sumerian records?	The IVC has been tentatively identified with the toponym Meluhha known from Sumerian records
WHO	Who divides the broader Indus Valley Tradition into four eras?	Shaffer divides the broader Indus Valley Tradition into four eras
WHAT	What expanded from Rajasthan into the Gangetic Plain?	the Ochre Coloured Pottery culture expanded from Rajasthan into the Gangetic Plain
WHAT	What are in the Punjab?	colonies are in the Punjab
WHAT	What is rare and confined to potsherd inscriptions?	Script is rare and confined to potsherd inscriptions
WHAT	What show animals?	Many Indus Valley seals show animals
YN	Have 600 distinct Indus symbols been found on seals?	Yes
WHAT	What is favoured by a section of scholars?	Elamo-Dravidian language family is favoured by a section of scholars
WHAT	What have proved to be too short to be decoded by a computer?	the seals have proved to be too short to be decoded by a computer
WHAT	What evolved some new techniques in metallurgy and produced copper?	Harappans evolved some new techniques in metallurgy and produced copper
YN	Have Indus Valley sites been found most often on rivers?	Yes
WHAT	What have been much debated?	Marshall 's interpretations have been much debated
WHAT	What were built?	no large monumental structures were built
WHAT	What did not develop irrigation capabilities?	the IVC residents did not develop irrigation capabilities
WHAT	What had been excavated?	Mohenjo-daro had been excavated
WHAT	What ran near another ruined city?	the line ran near another ruined city
WHAT	What have been found?	settlements have been found
WHAT	What coincides with a reduction in rainfall?	advanced cities coincides with a reduction in rainfall
WHAT	What have images of animals?	Steatite seals have images of animals
YN	Is the Indus script's pattern closer to that of spoken words?	Yes
WHAT	What were the major urban centres of Harappa?	the settlements were the major urban centres of Harappa
WHAT	What are Kudwala in Cholistan?	The largest Late Harappan sites are Kudwala in Cholistan
WHAT	What were walled?	the citadels were walled
WHAT	What was found in Banawali?	A touchstone bearing gold streaks was found in Banawali
WHAT	What sites has been ongoing since 1920?	Harappan sites has been ongoing since 1920
YN	Is the Indus Valley Civilisation also named the Harappan civilisation after Harappa?	Yes
WHAT	What began to emerge?	a gradual decline began to emerge
WHAT	What are thought to have been granaries?	Some structures are thought to have been granaries
YN	Have the Indus Civilisation may had a population of over five million?	Yes
YN	Was the Indus Valley Civilisation site hit by almost 10 feet of water as the Sutlej Yamuna link canal overflowed?	Yes
WHAT	What were used in the cities for constructing seals?	distant regions were used in the cities for constructing seals
WHAT	What were larger than others?	some houses were larger than others
WHAT	What have disputed this finding?	Witzel have disputed this finding
WHAT	What have claimed on occasion that the symbols were exclusively used for economic transactions?	Others have claimed on occasion that the symbols were exclusively used for economic transactions
WHAT	What is on the Oxus River?	Shortugai to the north is on the Oxus River
WHAT	What indicates large scale variation across the Indus territories?	available objects indicates large scale variation across the Indus territories
WHAT	What achieved great accuracy in measuring length?	the Indus Civilisation achieved great accuracy in measuring length
WHAT	What are published in the Corpus of Indus Seals and Inscriptions ( 1987?	extant inscriptions are published in the Corpus of Indus Seals and Inscriptions ( 1987
WHAT	What is concentrated mostly in southern India and northern and eastern Sri Lanka?	the Dravidian language family is concentrated mostly in southern India and northern and eastern Sri Lanka
WHAT	What is still common in India?	Zebu cattle is still common in India
WHAT	What is represented by Rehman Dheri and Amri in Pakistan?	earlier village cultures is represented by Rehman Dheri and Amri in Pakistan
WHAT	What were in a ratio of 5:2:1 with weights of 0.05?	These chert weights were in a ratio of 5:2:1 with weights of 0.05
WHAT	What have been found that correspond to a regional culture called the Cemetery H culture?	burials have been found that correspond to a regional culture called the Cemetery H culture
WHAT	What have received considerable attention?	the Indus Valley people have received considerable attention
YN	Was the Mature Harappan Civilisation `` a fusion of the Bagor?	Yes
YN	Is the Indus Valley Civilisation generally characterised as a literate society on the evidence of these inscriptions?	Yes
YN	Does one Indus Valley seal show a seated figure with a horned headdress?	Yes
WHAT	What hit Haryana in India and damaged the archaeological site of Jognakhera?	heavy floods hit Haryana in India and damaged the archaeological site of Jognakhera
WHAT	What have been found on seals?	600 distinct Indus symbols have been found on seals
WHAT	What were discovered in 1912 by John Faithfull Fleet?	More Harappan seals were discovered in 1912 by John Faithfull Fleet
WHAT	What were abandoned altogether?	the post-urban Late Harappan settlements were abandoned altogether
WHAT	What has been found on the Oxus River at Shortughai in northern Afghanistan?	An Indus Valley site has been found on the Oxus River at Shortughai in northern Afghanistan
WHAT	What have discovered a massive?	Archaeologists have discovered a massive
WHAT	What was found at Kalibangan in India on the Hakra River?	this stage was found at Kalibangan in India on the Hakra River
WHAT	What have been in the news for a possible connection to the Indus Valley Civilisation?	paintings have been in the news for a possible connection to the Indus Valley Civilisation
YN	Has the Indus Valley Civilisation also been called by some the `` Sarasvati culture ''?	Yes
WHAT	What led to large agricultural surpluses?	Flood-supported farming led to large agricultural surpluses
YN	Are the Indus cities noted for their urban planning?	Yes
WHAT	What lasted from c. 2600 to 1900 BCE?	the Harappan civilisation lasted from c. 2600 to 1900 BCE
WHAT	What kept shifting south?	the monsoons kept shifting south
YN	Has an Indus Valley site been found on the Oxus River at Shortughai in northern Afghanistan?	Yes
WHAT	What have been found at Mohenjo-daro depicting a figure standing on its head?	Seals have been found at Mohenjo-daro depicting a figure standing on its head
WHAT	What has hence come to be known as the Pashupati Seal?	The seal has hence come to be known as the Pashupati Seal
WHAT	What did not develop irrigation capabilities?	The IVC residents did not develop irrigation capabilities
WHO	Who opened only to inner courtyards and smaller lanes?	Houses opened only to inner courtyards and smaller lanes
WHAT	What proceeded up the Persian Gulf rather than overland?	western neighbors proceeded up the Persian Gulf rather than overland
WHAT	What followed the decimal division of measurement for all practical purposes?	Harappan engineers followed the decimal division of measurement for all practical purposes
WHO	Who began excavating Harappa in 1921?	Madho Sarup Vats began excavating Harappa in 1921
WHAT	What had a flush toilet in almost every house?	Mohenjo-daro had a flush toilet in almost every house
YN	Did the Indus Valley climate grow significantly cooler and drier from about 1800 BCE?	Yes
WHO	Who suggests an underlying?	Michael Witzel suggests an underlying
WHAT	What had no rulers?	Harappan society had no rulers
YN	Did the ancient Indus River valley develop new techniques in handicraft (carnelian products?	Yes
WHAT	What have been found most often on rivers?	Indus Valley sites have been found most often on rivers
WHAT	What were found in the cities?	Children 's toys were found in the cities
WHAT	What developed new techniques in handicraft ( carnelian products?	the ancient Indus River valley developed new techniques in handicraft ( carnelian products
WHO	Who was fortified and continued to have contacts with the Persian Gulf region?	Bet Dwarka was fortified and continued to have contacts with the Persian Gulf region
WHAT	What became rare?	female figurines became rare
WHAT	What turned to large urban centres by 2600 BCE?	Early Harappan communities turned to large urban centres by 2600 BCE
YN	Did the Indus Civilisation achieve great accuracy in measuring length?	Yes
WHAT	What has argued that the figure does not have three faces?	Doris Srinivasan has argued that the figure does not have three faces
WHAT	What have been found at excavation sites?	steatite have been found at excavation sites
WHAT	What were excavated as far west as Sutkagan Dor in Pakistani Balochistan?	the Indus Valley civilisation were excavated as far west as Sutkagan Dor in Pakistani Balochistan