WHAT	What made Ashoka one of the most successful and famous monarchs in Indian history?	prosperity made Ashoka one of the most successful and famous monarchs in Indian history
YN	Had the empire its capital city at Pataliputra (modern Patna)?	Yes
YN	Were his empire the most extensive in Asia after that of Alexander?	Yes
YN	Did the empire stretch to the north along the natural boundaries of the Himalayas?	Yes
YN	Was whose king Tissa so charmed with Buddhist ideals that he adopted them himself and made Buddhism the state religion?	Yes
YN	Were the pillars set in regular rows?	Yes
WHAT	What succeeded in overwhelming Kalinga forces of royal soldiers and civilian units?	Ashoka 's army succeeded in overwhelming Kalinga forces of royal soldiers and civilian units
WHO	Who continued to serve as prime minister during his reign?	Chanakya continued to serve as prime minister during his reign
WHAT	What became important trade partners of India?	West Asia became important trade partners of India
WHAT	What are the primary sources of written records of Mauryan times?	Ashoka are the primary sources of written records of Mauryan times
YN	Was Brihadratha assassinated in 185 BCE during a military parade by the Brahmin general Pushyamitra Shunga?	Yes
WHAT	What are hard to make without further historical evidence?	any conclusions are hard to make without further historical evidence
WHO	Who embraced Jainism after retiring?	Chandragupta Maurya embraced Jainism after retiring
WHAT	What known as the Maurya 's are referred to in the earliest Buddhist texts?	A kshatriya clan known as the Maurya 's are referred to in the earliest Buddhist texts
WHAT	What is unknown?	the second revolt is unknown
WHAT	What is mentioned in the list of Mauryan princes?	His name is mentioned in the list of Mauryan princes
WHAT	What was named `` Bindusara ''?	the newborn was named `` Bindusara ''
WHAT	What is shrouded in mystery and controversy?	Chandragupta Maurya 's rise to power is shrouded in mystery and controversy
YN	Were people adversely affected by the destruction and fallout of war?	Yes
WHAT	What says that those who were in the camp of Sandrakottos?	Megasthenes says that those who were in the camp of Sandrakottos
YN	Did the Shunga empire lead to a wave of religious persecution for Buddhists?	Yes
WHO	Who extended this empire to the southern part of India?	Bindusara extended this empire to the southern part of India
WHAT	What contains not only maxims on ancient statecraft?	Kautilya 's Arthashastra contains not only maxims on ancient statecraft
WHAT	What had already reached the baby and touched its head?	poison had already reached the baby and touched its head
YN	Was the Maurya Empire one of the largest empires of the world in its time?	Yes
YN	Was the first revolt the maladministration of Susima?	Yes
YN	Are some contrivances of wondrous efficacy in such matters [ as to make people more amorous ]?	Yes
WHAT	What asserts that Chandragupta received vast territory west of the Indus?	Mainstream scholarship asserts that Chandragupta received vast territory west of the Indus
WHAT	What conflicted with the practices freely exercised by the common people in hunting?	The legal restrictions conflicted with the practices freely exercised by the common people in hunting
WHO	Who dispatched an ambassador?	Seleucus dispatched an ambassador
WHAT	What reaches its height under Ashoka?	The Mauryan Empire reaches its height under Ashoka
YN	Does the Mauryan Empire reach its height under Ashoka?	Yes
WHAT	What is analogous to the Roman Empire of several centuries later?	the Mauryan Empire is analogous to the Roman Empire of several centuries later
WHAT	What are not available I have had them imported and grown?	fruits are not available I have had them imported and grown
WHAT	What are the Ashoka pillars and carved edicts of Ashoka?	Mauryan architecture are the Ashoka pillars and carved edicts of Ashoka
WHO	Who extended the rule of the Mauryan empire towards southern India?	Chandragupta 's son Bindusara extended the rule of the Mauryan empire towards southern India
YN	Are the four provincial capitals Tosali (in the east)?	Yes
YN	Are Samprati credited for the spread of Jainism in South India?	Yes
YN	Are fruits not available I have had them imported and grown?	Yes
YN	Is an elephant punishable by death?	Yes
WHAT	What was subject to Seleucus ''?	Phrygia to the Indus was subject to Seleucus ''
WHO	Who was followed for 50 years by a succession of weaker kings?	Ashoka was followed for 50 years by a succession of weaker kings
WHAT	What was of a highly diversified order and comprised lofty free-standing pillars?	stonework was of a highly diversified order and comprised lofty free-standing pillars
WHO	Who founded the Mauryan Empire by overthrowing the Nanda Dynasty?	Chandragupta Maurya founded the Mauryan Empire by overthrowing the Nanda Dynasty
WHAT	What wiped out many gangs of bandits?	The Mauryan army wiped out many gangs of bandits
WHAT	What was the largest to have ever existed in the Indian subcontinent?	The empire was the largest to have ever existed in the Indian subcontinent
WHAT	What are Tosali ( in the east )?	the four provincial capitals are Tosali ( in the east )
WHO	Who established a single currency across India?	Chandragupta Maurya established a single currency across India
WHAT	What had fully occupied Northwestern India?	317 BCE the empire had fully occupied Northwestern India
WHO	Who snatched the satrapies of Paropamisade ( Kamboja and Gandhara )?	Chandragupta snatched the satrapies of Paropamisade ( Kamboja and Gandhara )
YN	Was the Maurya Empire a geographically extensive Iron Age historical power founded by Chandragupta Maurya which dominated ancient India between 322 BCE and 187 BCE?	Yes
WHAT	What was the elephant?	the most important forest product was the elephant
WHO	Who established a strong centralized state with an administration at Pataliputra?	Chandragupta established a strong centralized state with an administration at Pataliputra
WHAT	What conquers the Northwest of the Indian subcontinent?	Chandragupta Maurya conquers the Northwest of the Indian subcontinent
YN	Was the palace chiefly constructed of timber?	Yes
WHO	Who ruled in the Indus Valley until around 317 BCE?	Peithon ruled in the Indus Valley until around 317 BCE
WHAT	What are not available?	animals are not available
WHAT	What were set in regular rows?	The pillars were set in regular rows
WHAT	What reflect more the desire of rulers than actual events?	Ashoka reflect more the desire of rulers than actual events
WHAT	What was assisted by Mahamatyas and council of ministers?	The kumara was assisted by Mahamatyas and council of ministers
WHAT	What is of very rare occurrence?	Theft is of very rare occurrence
YN	Did Maurya come up with a strategy?	Yes
YN	Are the most important ones located at Sanchi?	Yes
WHAT	What is punishable by death?	an elephant is punishable by death
YN	Does Chandragupta Maurya conquer the Northwest of the Indian subcontinent?	Yes
YN	Was the peacock a dynastic symbol of Mauryans?	Yes
WHO	Who managed to win over popular sentiment?	Chanakya managed to win over popular sentiment
WHO	Who did n't conquer the friendly Tamil kingdoms of the Cholas?	Bindusara did n't conquer the friendly Tamil kingdoms of the Cholas
YN	Did spies meanwhile bribe the corrupt general of Nanda?	Yes
YN	Did the empire wield a military of 600,000 infantry?	Yes
YN	Was the Sangam literature described how the Deccan Plateau invaded by the Maurya army?	Yes
YN	Was the most important forest product the elephant?	Yes
YN	Did Chandragupta Maurya embrace Jainism after retiring?	Yes
WHAT	What were freed of tax and crop collection burdens from regional kings?	Farmers were freed of tax and crop collection burdens from regional kings
WHAT	What stretched to the north along the natural boundaries of the Himalayas?	the empire stretched to the north along the natural boundaries of the Himalayas
WHO	Who contacted the prime minister?	Chanakya contacted the prime minister
WHAT	What collected intelligence for both internal and external security purposes?	A vast espionage system collected intelligence for both internal and external security purposes
WHAT	What are located at Sanchi?	The most important ones are located at Sanchi
WHAT	What were established and several Greeks?	Diplomatic relations were established and several Greeks
WHO	Who embraced Buddhism in the latter part of his reign?	When Ashoka embraced Buddhism in the latter part of his reign
YN	Is Bindusara credited with giving several grants to Brahmin monasteries (Brahmana-bhatto)?	Yes
YN	Were civilians killed in the furious warfare?	Yes
YN	Had 317 BCE the empire fully occupied Northwestern India?	Yes
YN	Was a battle announced and the Magadhan army was drawn from the city to a distant battlefield to engage with Maurya's forces?	Yes
YN	Did economic activities all thrive and expanded across India thanks to the creation of a single and efficient system of finance?	Yes
WHAT	What lying in wait for the neighbouring nations?	`` Always lying in wait for the neighbouring nations
WHO	Who had organizational entities which were largely used for public state-driven projects?	Rome had organizational entities which were largely used for public state-driven projects
WHAT	What was divided into four provinces?	The Empire was divided into four provinces
WHO	Who encouraged Chandragupta Maurya and his army to take over the throne of Magadha?	Chanakya encouraged Chandragupta Maurya and his army to take over the throne of Magadha
YN	Did the Empire experience nearly half a century of peace and security under Ashoka?	Yes
WHAT	What led to a wave of religious persecution for Buddhists?	the Shunga empire led to a wave of religious persecution for Buddhists
WHAT	What expanded southwards?	the empire expanded southwards
YN	Is Chandragupta Maurya's rise to power shrouded in mystery and controversy?	Yes
WHAT	What are following Beloved-of-the-Gods ' instructions in Dharma ''?	everywhere people are following Beloved-of-the-Gods ' instructions in Dharma ''
YN	Did Chandragupta Maurya establish a single currency across India?	Yes
YN	Was the Maurya Empire founded by Chandragupta Maurya?	Yes
YN	Was Samprati influenced by the teachings of Jain monks and he is known to have built 125,000 derasars across India?	Yes
WHO	Who returned to Babylon and re-deployed most of his troops west of the Indus River?	Alexander returned to Babylon and re-deployed most of his troops west of the Indus River
YN	Was Rakshasa – Rakshasa the prime minister of Magadha) by Vishakhadatta?	Yes
WHAT	What was the maladministration of Susima?	the first revolt was the maladministration of Susima
YN	Was the newborn named `` Bindusara ''?	Yes
WHAT	What was one of the largest empires of the world in its time?	The Maurya Empire was one of the largest empires of the world in its time
YN	Is his name mentioned in the list of Mauryan princes?	Yes
YN	Did Maurya also sponsor many public works and waterways to enhance productivity?	Yes
WHO	Who became a vital force under the Mauryan Rule?	Jainism became a vital force under the Mauryan Rule
YN	Was Sophagasenus an Indian Mauryan ruler of the 3rd century BCE?	Yes
YN	Were stone art given a high lustrous polish resembling fine enamel?	Yes
WHAT	What were adversely affected by the destruction and fallout of war?	people were adversely affected by the destruction and fallout of war
YN	Was the Empire expanded into India's central and southern regions by the emperors Chandragupta and Bindusara?	Yes
WHO	Who are credited for the spread of Jainism in South India?	Samprati are credited for the spread of Jainism in South India
WHAT	What converted to Jainism )?	a later stage converted to Jainism )
YN	Were Chanakya's original intentions to train a guerilla army under Chandragupta's command?	Yes
WHO	Who campaigned against the Macedonians?	Chandragupta campaigned against the Macedonians
WHAT	What experienced nearly half a century of peace and security under Ashoka?	the Empire experienced nearly half a century of peace and security under Ashoka
YN	Is this identification not accepted by all historians?	Yes
WHO	Who conquers the kingdom of Kalinga?	Ashoka conquers the kingdom of Kalinga
YN	Was stonework of a highly diversified order and comprised lofty free-standing pillars?	Yes
YN	Were Farmers freed of tax and crop collection burdens from regional kings?	Yes
YN	Are their rule subject to much debate?	Yes
YN	Was the empire made possible by what appears to have been one of the largest armies in the world during the Iron Age?	Yes
YN	Was the Empire divided into four provinces?	Yes
WHO	Who sponsored the spreading of Buddhist missionaries into Sri Lanka?	Ashoka sponsored the spreading of Buddhist missionaries into Sri Lanka
WHO	Who sent a mission led by his son Mahinda and daughter Sanghamitta to Sri Lanka?	Ashoka sent a mission led by his son Mahinda and daughter Sanghamitta to Sri Lanka
WHAT	What was the Kumara ( royal prince )?	the provincial administration was the Kumara ( royal prince )
YN	Was the kumara assisted by Mahamatyas and council of ministers?	Yes
WHO	Who was responsible for the construction of several stupas?	Ashoka was responsible for the construction of several stupas
YN	Are Ashoka the primary sources of written records of Mauryan times?	Yes
YN	Was this organizational structure reflected at the imperial level with the Emperor and his Mantriparishad (Council of Ministers)?	Yes
WHAT	What is credited with giving several grants to Brahmin monasteries ( Brahmana-bhatto )?	Bindusara is credited with giving several grants to Brahmin monasteries ( Brahmana-bhatto )
YN	Did Jainism increase social and religious renewal and reform across his society?	Yes
WHO	Who was a disciple of the Jain monk Bhadrabahu?	Chandragupta was a disciple of the Jain monk Bhadrabahu
WHAT	What was founded by Chandragupta Maurya?	The Maurya Empire was founded by Chandragupta Maurya
YN	Was Ashoka followed for 50 years by a succession of weaker kings?	Yes
WHO	Who entered the room at the very moment she collapsed?	Chanakya entered the room at the very moment she collapsed
WHO	Who failed ( Seleucid–Mauryan war )?	Seleucus failed ( Seleucid–Mauryan war )
YN	Are Mauryan architecture the Ashoka pillars and carved edicts of Ashoka?	Yes
WHAT	What killed very few animals?	Our king killed very few animals
WHO	Who became Chandragupta 's chief advisor?	Rakshasa became Chandragupta 's chief advisor
WHAT	What are said to have been erected during their reigns?	stupas are said to have been erected during their reigns
WHAT	What included the former general of Taxila?	These men included the former general of Taxila
WHAT	What involving hundreds of kingdoms?	The previous situation involving hundreds of kingdoms
WHO	Who sent 500 war elephants?	Chandragupta sent 500 war elephants
YN	Was Chandragupta a disciple of the Jain monk Bhadrabahu?	Yes
WHO	Who was the son of the first Mauryan emperor Chandragupta Maurya and his queen Durdhara?	Bindusara was the son of the first Mauryan emperor Chandragupta Maurya and his queen Durdhara
YN	Was Chandragupta Maurya legitimately installed as the new King of Magadha?	Yes
WHO	Who visited his courts?	Egypt visited his courts
YN	Were diplomatic relations established and several Greeks?	Yes
YN	Is the palace thought to have been an aggregate of buildings?	Yes
WHAT	What seems to have had many similarities with Persian cities of the period?	the city seems to have had many similarities with Persian cities of the period
YN	Did Chandragupta Maurya raise an army and with the assistance of Chanakya (also known as Kauṭilya)?	Yes
YN	Was Ashoka responsible for the construction of the stone columns which replaced the earlier wooden ones?	Yes
YN	Has the empire been estimated to be about 50–60 million?	Yes
WHAT	What is thought to have been an aggregate of buildings?	The palace is thought to have been an aggregate of buildings
WHO	Who sent many Buddhist missions to West Asia?	Ashoka sent many Buddhist missions to West Asia
YN	Was Phrygia to the Indus subject to Seleucus ''?	Yes
WHAT	What has been made the national emblem of India?	Sarnath has been made the national emblem of India
WHAT	What collapsed and died within few minutes?	The queen collapsed and died within few minutes
WHO	Who accepted Chanakya 's reasoning?	Rakshasa accepted Chanakya 's reasoning
WHAT	What marked the beginning of the Buddhist school of architecture?	This period marked the beginning of the Buddhist school of architecture
WHO	Who was an Indian Mauryan ruler of the 3rd century BCE?	Sophagasenus was an Indian Mauryan ruler of the 3rd century BCE
WHAT	What became serious business by the time of the Maurya dynasty?	India became serious business by the time of the Maurya dynasty
YN	Are everywhere people following Beloved-of-the-Gods' instructions in Dharma ''?	Yes
WHAT	What falls into the era of Northern Black Polished Ware ( NBPW )?	South Asia falls into the era of Northern Black Polished Ware ( NBPW )
YN	Was Bindusara the son of the first Mauryan emperor Chandragupta Maurya and his queen Durdhara?	Yes
WHAT	What allowed for a common economic system and enhanced trade and commerce?	military security allowed for a common economic system and enhanced trade and commerce
YN	Is the Mauryan Empire analogous to the Roman Empire of several centuries later?	Yes
WHAT	What refer to the Greeks?	Ashoka 's edicts refer to the Greeks
YN	Was the Empire in line with the extensive bureaucracy described by Kautilya in the Arthashastra?	Yes
WHAT	What included silk goods and textiles?	India 's exports included silk goods and textiles
WHAT	What was a dynastic symbol of Mauryans?	The peacock was a dynastic symbol of Mauryans
WHAT	What protect the elephants in any terrain?	guards protect the elephants in any terrain
WHO	Who died in Babylon in 323 BCE?	Alexander died in Babylon in 323 BCE
WHO	Who was the prime minister of Magadha ) by Vishakhadatta?	Rakshasa – Rakshasa was the prime minister of Magadha ) by Vishakhadatta
YN	Are any conclusions hard to make without further historical evidence?	Yes
YN	Was the empire the largest to have ever existed in the Indian subcontinent?	Yes
WHAT	What has been estimated to be about 50–60 million?	the empire has been estimated to be about 50–60 million
WHAT	What depended not only upon horses and men but also battle-elephants?	those times depended not only upon horses and men but also battle-elephants
YN	Is Theft of very rare occurrence?	Yes
YN	Was the provincial administration the Kumara (royal prince)?	Yes
WHAT	What were to train a guerilla army under Chandragupta 's command?	Chanakya 's original intentions were to train a guerilla army under Chandragupta 's command
YN	Are stupas said to have been erected during their reigns?	Yes
YN	Was Ashoka responsible for the construction of several stupas?	Yes
YN	Did Chandragupta Maurya found the Mauryan Empire by overthrowing the Nanda Dynasty?	Yes
WHO	Who increased social and religious renewal and reform across his society?	Jainism increased social and religious renewal and reform across his society
WHAT	What left the Khyber Pass unguarded?	the Mauryas left the Khyber Pass unguarded
WHAT	What are subject to much debate?	their rule are subject to much debate