YN	Was Morgan named to the NWSL Best XI Second team on August 28?	Yes
WHO	Who led the U.S. in goals ( 28 )?	Morgan led the U.S. in goals ( 28 )
WHO	Who became brand ambassadors for health product company?	national teammate Heather Mitts became brand ambassadors for health product company
YN	Did Morgan score two second half goals as the U.S. defeated Canada 3–0 in front of a sold out crowd in Toronto?	Yes
YN	Did Morgan score the only goal in a friendly win over England in February upon her return to the international fold?	Yes
YN	Did Morgan make her first start at the World Cup Finals as the US defeated Nigeria 1–0 in the last group match to advance as group winners?	Yes
WHO	Who was ultimately defeated during penalty kicks?	Cal was ultimately defeated during penalty kicks
YN	Was Morgan the youngest player on the U.S. national team that placed second in the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup?	Yes
YN	Did Morgan attend Diamond Bar High School?	Yes
WHO	Who was part of the USWNT that won its tenth Algarve Cup in 2015?	Morgan was part of the USWNT that won its tenth Algarve Cup in 2015
YN	Did Morgan appear as herself on the Nickelodeon show Nicky?	Yes
YN	Was Morgan named to the United States U-20 women's national team that competed in the 2008 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup in Chile?	Yes
WHO	Who shared top-scoring honors?	Morgan shared top-scoring honors
WHAT	What was four times higher than the next closest team?	the Sounders Women was four times higher than the next closest team
WHO	Who was called up to the United States under-20 women 's national soccer team?	Morgan was called up to the United States under-20 women 's national soccer team
YN	Did Morgan finish her collegiate career ranked third all-time in goals scored (45) and points (107) for the Golden Bears?	Yes
YN	Did Morgan lead the U.S. in goals (28)?	Yes
YN	Was Morgan raised with her two older sisters?	Yes
YN	Was Morgan the first overall pick in the 2011 WPS Draft by the Western New York Flash?	Yes
WHAT	What continued her propensity for late heroics in the closing stages of matches?	The goal continued her propensity for late heroics in the closing stages of matches
YN	Did Morgan team with Simon & Schuster to write a middle-grade book series about four soccer players entitled The Kicks?	Yes
WHO	Who was counted in the official match summary?	2013 Algarve was counted in the official match summary
WHAT	What are four young girls centered on the themes of friendship?	The main characters are four young girls centered on the themes of friendship
YN	Does her Portland Thorns teammates Christine Sinclair and Steph Catley became the first female athletes to appear on the cover of EA Sports' latest FIFA video game?	Yes
YN	Did national teammate Heather Mitts become brand ambassadors for health product company?	Yes
WHAT	What won the regular season title and the WPS Championship title the same year?	The club won the regular season title and the WPS Championship title the same year
WHO	Who signed with Simon & Schuster Children 's Publishing to pen The Kicks?	Morgan signed with Simon & Schuster Children 's Publishing to pen The Kicks
WHAT	What are the third-best?	points totals are the third-best
WHO	Who married Servando Carrasco?	Morgan married Servando Carrasco
WHAT	What set the release date for the first novel?	the publisher set the release date for the first novel
YN	Did Morgan score the winning goal in the Olympic semifinal match against Canada in extra time?	Yes
YN	Did Alexandra `` Alex '' Patricia Morgan Carrasco (bear July 2?	Yes
WHO	Who appeared in the ESPN documentary series?	Morgan appeared in the ESPN documentary series
YN	Has Morgan been featured in a number of magazines including the 2012 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue?	Yes
WHAT	What have come after the 60th minute?	her 28 total goals to date have come after the 60th minute
WHAT	What was Morgan 's team-high 20th in 2012?	The game-winning goal was Morgan 's team-high 20th in 2012
WHAT	What was a match-winner that gave the U.S. a gold medal?	the tournament was a match-winner that gave the U.S. a gold medal
YN	Did Morgan sign with Simon & Schuster Children's Publishing to pen The Kicks?	Yes
YN	Was Morgan drafted number one overall in the 2011 WPS Draft by the Western New York Flash?	Yes
WHO	Who made three regular season appearances for the club?	Morgan made three regular season appearances for the club
WHO	Who attended Diamond Bar High School?	Morgan attended Diamond Bar High School
WHAT	What revealed the US Soccer 's All-Time Women 's National Team Best XI?	its Centennial anniversary the Federation revealed the US Soccer 's All-Time Women 's National Team Best XI
YN	Did Morgan appear in the ESPN documentary series?	Yes
YN	Did Morgan play in all 7 World Cup Finals matches and started every match since being restored to the starting 11 against Nigeria?	Yes
YN	Did Morgan play for Olympic Development Program (ODP) regional and state teams as well?	Yes
WHAT	What finished third during the regular season?	The club finished third during the regular season
WHAT	What has signed endorsement deals with Nike?	Morgan has signed endorsement deals with Nike
YN	Did Morgan finish eighth in the balloting for the 2011 FIFA World Player of the Year?	Yes
YN	Did Morgan do n't become a starter for the U.S. until the fifth game of the year in January?	Yes
WHO	Who scored the winning goal in the Olympic semifinal match against Canada in extra time?	Morgan scored the winning goal in the Olympic semifinal match against Canada in extra time
WHO	Who finished eighth in the balloting for the 2011 FIFA World Player of the Year?	Morgan finished eighth in the balloting for the 2011 FIFA World Player of the Year
YN	Did Morgan score her first goal for the Flash during the team's home opener—a 3–0 win over the Atlanta Beat on May 1?	Yes
WHO	Who appeared alongside Lionel Messi on covers of FIFA 16 sold in the United States?	Morgan appeared alongside Lionel Messi on covers of FIFA 16 sold in the United States
YN	Was Morgan called up to the United States under-20 women's national soccer team?	Yes
WHAT	What released by Simon & Schuster?	a statement released by Simon & Schuster
YN	Did Morgan spend two months recovering from a knee injury in the build-up to the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup?	Yes
YN	Did Morgan score 14 goals in a 12-game stretch from January to late May 2012?	Yes
WHO	Who was named to the NWSL Best XI Second team on August 28?	Morgan was named to the NWSL Best XI Second team on August 28
WHO	Who appeared as herself on the Nickelodeon show Nicky?	Morgan appeared as herself on the Nickelodeon show Nicky
WHO	Who attended UC Berkeley?	Morgan attended UC Berkeley
WHAT	What announced Morgan as the 2012 Female Athlete of the Year?	U.S. Soccer announced Morgan as the 2012 Female Athlete of the Year
YN	Did Morgan assist on a Carli Lloyd header?	Yes
YN	Have Morgan ’ s exploits also earned her a place on the FIFA Ballon d ’ Or shortlist?	Yes
WHAT	What came in the 123rd minute?	Her goal came in the 123rd minute
WHAT	What appeared on The Simpsons along with Christen Press and Abby Wambach?	her likeness appeared on The Simpsons along with Christen Press and Abby Wambach
WHAT	What was titled `` The Quad-Test ''?	The episode was titled `` The Quad-Test ''
YN	Was Morgan not called up to train with the United States under-20 women's national soccer team until April 2008?	Yes
WHAT	What have been one of?	The Sounders have been one of
WHO	Who played for Olympic Development Program ( ODP ) regional and state teams as well?	Morgan played for Olympic Development Program ( ODP ) regional and state teams as well
YN	Did Morgan make three regular season appearances for the club?	Yes
YN	Did become the first female players to make the cover of FIFA video games?	Yes
WHAT	What came a month later in a crucial road game against Italy?	Her most important goal to date came a month later in a crucial road game against Italy
YN	Did Morgan appear alongside Lionel Messi on covers of FIFA 16 sold in the United States?	Yes
YN	Did Morgan previously win the tournament ’ s golden boot in 2011?	Yes
YN	Was Morgan part of the USWNT that won its tenth Algarve Cup in 2015?	Yes
YN	Did Morgan become the first California player to be named one of the top-three Hermann Trophy finalists?	Yes
YN	Did Morgan then start the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Final as the USWNT defeated Japan 5–2 to win its third FIFA Women's World Cup?	Yes
YN	Was Morgan given the nickname `` Baby Horse '' by her teammates on the U.S. women's national team for her speed?	Yes
WHO	Who were chosen to appear on its region-specific packaging in the U.S.?	Catley were chosen to appear on its region-specific packaging in the U.S.
YN	Has Morgan signed endorsement deals with Nike?	Yes
YN	Did Morgan score both the equalizer and the goal that sealed the win against France?	Yes
WHO	Who scored 14 goals in a 12-game stretch from January to late May 2012?	Morgan scored 14 goals in a 12-game stretch from January to late May 2012
YN	Did the field earn her the Bronze Shoe as the tournament's third-highest scorer and the Silver Ball as the tournament's second-best player behind teammate Sydney Leroux?	Yes
YN	Was Morgan featured on the cover of ESPN Magazine with teammates Abby Wambach and Sydney Leroux?	Yes
WHAT	What occurred during the 2008 CONCACAF Women 's U-20 Championship in Puebla?	the under-20 team occurred during the 2008 CONCACAF Women 's U-20 Championship in Puebla
WHO	Who scored both the equalizer and the goal that sealed the win against France?	Morgan scored both the equalizer and the goal that sealed the win against France