YN	Did Iniesta arrive at the club?	Yes
WHO	Who received the Marca Legend Award in 2011?	Iniesta received the Marca Legend Award in 2011
YN	Did Iniesta receive the Marca Legend Award in 2011?	Yes
YN	Does Iniesta say he `` cried rivers '' the day he left for La Masia and struggled being separated from his parents?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta travel there with his parents and visited La Masia?	Yes
YN	Was Iniesta named in the Team of the Tournament and awarded the Silver Ball for the second best player in the competition?	Yes
WHO	Who was named in the FIFA World XI?	Iniesta was named in the FIFA World XI
YN	Was Iniesta also chosen for the 2010 FIFA World Cup and was a key member of the victorious Spanish team?	Yes
YN	Was Iniesta named in the FIFA World XI?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta get injured in Barcelona's home match against Málaga CF?	Yes
WHO	Who described him as `` the complete footballer?	Vicente del Bosque described him as `` the complete footballer
WHAT	What came to an end after he aggravated a previous calf injury during training?	His season came to an end after he aggravated a previous calf injury during training
YN	Did the 2004–05 season Iniesta feature in 37 out of 38 league games—more than any other player—although 25 of these were substitute appearances?	Yes
YN	Was Iniesta named in the Team of the Tournament alongside fellow Spain midfielders Xavi?	Yes
YN	Did do not want to come back until he was 100 percent and finally returned to action on 3 January 2009 as a 65th-minute substitute against RCD Mallorca?	Yes
WHO	Who was named in the Team of the Tournament alongside fellow Spain midfielders Xavi?	Iniesta was named in the Team of the Tournament alongside fellow Spain midfielders Xavi
WHO	Who captained Barcelona in the 2015 UEFA Champions League Final?	Iniesta captained Barcelona in the 2015 UEFA Champions League Final
YN	Was Iniesta awarded the man of the match award for his performances in three different matches?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta start the 2011–12 season by scoring the opening goal in the second leg of the Supercopa de España against rivals Real Madrid?	Yes
WHO	Who started all three matches for Spain at the 2014 FIFA World Cup?	Iniesta started all three matches for Spain at the 2014 FIFA World Cup
WHAT	What lost their son due to miscarriage?	his wife lost their son due to miscarriage
YN	Is Iniesta a playmaker who relies on exceptional creative passing?	Yes
YN	Did his wife lose their son due to miscarriage?	Yes
WHO	Who was followed by Iker Casillas?	Iniesta was followed by Iker Casillas
WHO	Who made his 250th appearance for Barcelona in the Copa del Rey match against Mallorca?	Iniesta made his 250th appearance for Barcelona in the Copa del Rey match against Mallorca
YN	Has Iniesta been chosen in the UEFA Team of the Year five times (2009?	Yes
WHAT	What has been chosen in the UEFA Team of the Year five times ( 2009?	Iniesta has been chosen in the UEFA Team of the Year five times ( 2009
WHAT	What was eliminated from the tournament at the semi-final stage?	Spain was eliminated from the tournament at the semi-final stage
YN	Did Iniesta play and was influential in the game?	Yes
WHO	Who was able to switch his number 24 shirt for his preferred number 8?	Iniesta was able to switch his number 24 shirt for his preferred number 8
YN	Has Iniesta a sponsorship deal with American sportswear and equipment supplier?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta steer Spain to their second consecutive continental crown?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta invest €420,000 in his boyhood club?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta do not participate in the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup in South Africa due to a thigh muscle injury?	Yes
WHAT	What named him the Man of the Match?	The Technical Study Group named him the Man of the Match
YN	Is Iniesta considered to be one of the best players of his generation and one of the greatest midfielders of all time?	Yes
WHO	Who responded the same day to deny the rumours?	Iniesta responded the same day to deny the rumours
YN	Was Iniesta's 2009–10 season largely disrupted by recurrent injuries?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta make his 250th appearance for Barcelona in the Copa del Rey match against Mallorca?	Yes
WHO	Who had the ninth highest social media rank in the world among sportspeople?	Iniesta had the ninth highest social media rank in the world among sportspeople
WHO	Who suffered a leg injury and was expected to return to action in six weeks?	Iniesta suffered a leg injury and was expected to return to action in six weeks
YN	Did Iniesta respond the same day to deny the rumours?	Yes
WHO	Who played for Spain at the Under-16?	Iniesta played for Spain at the Under-16
YN	Has Iniesta been praised for his understanding and interplay with Xavi?	Yes
YN	Was Iniesta shortlisted for the Golden Ball award?	Yes
WHAT	What knew the FC Barcelona youth team coach?	His parents knew the FC Barcelona youth team coach
WHAT	What decided on its new team captains?	the Barcelona squad decided on its new team captains
WHO	Who placed fifth with 134 votes?	Iniesta placed fifth with 134 votes
YN	Did Iniesta score a vital equaliser in the final minute of stoppage time during the second leg of the Champions League semi-final against Chelsea?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta win the UEFA Best Player in Europe award in 2012?	Yes
WHO	Who was also chosen as the UEFA Euro 2012 Player of the Tournament?	Iniesta was also chosen as the UEFA Euro 2012 Player of the Tournament
YN	Was Iniesta named captain on several occasions?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta place fifth with 134 votes?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta score one of the best goals in the UEFA Champions League group stage after a good interchange of passes with Lionel Messi?	Yes
WHO	Who steered Spain to their second consecutive continental crown?	Iniesta steered Spain to their second consecutive continental crown
YN	Was Andrés one of five nominations for the World Player of the Year award alongside teammates Lionel Messi?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta extend his contract to 2014?	Yes
YN	Was Iniesta able to switch his number 24 shirt for his preferred number 8?	Yes
YN	Was Iniesta substituted before the penalty shootout itself?	Yes
YN	Was Iniesta followed by Iker Casillas?	Yes
WHO	Who arrived at the club?	Iniesta arrived at the club
WHO	Who has dated Anna Ortiz?	Iniesta has dated Anna Ortiz
YN	Had Iniesta the ninth highest social media rank in the world among sportspeople?	Yes
YN	Do helping Spain win the UEFA European Under-16 Championship?	Yes
YN	Was Iniesta named in the six man shortlist for the 2011 Laureus World Sportsman of the Year?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta regularly captain Barcelona throughout the club's second treble winning season?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta equal Emilio Butragueno's record of 50 matches unbeaten in the Spanish La Liga?	Yes
YN	Has Iniesta been one of the most consistent performers in the last two seasons of the Primera Division?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta come through La Masia?	Yes
YN	Was Iniesta named man of the match after scoring a goal and assisting one more in a 0–4 win against rivals Real Madrid in El Clásico?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta play for Spain at the Under-16?	Yes
WHAT	What is a Catholic?	Iniesta is a Catholic
WHO	Who was selected in Spain 's squad for UEFA Euro 2008 in Austria and Switzerland?	Iniesta was selected in Spain 's squad for UEFA Euro 2008 in Austria and Switzerland
WHO	Who described Iniesta as the best player in the world?	Wayne Rooney described Iniesta as the best player in the world
WHO	Who came through La Masia?	Iniesta came through La Masia
YN	Was Iniesta selected in Spain's squad for UEFA Euro 2008 in Austria and Switzerland?	Yes
YN	Was Iniesta the most popular Spanish sportsman on the Internet throughout 2010?	Yes
WHAT	What has been praised for his understanding and interplay with Xavi?	Iniesta has been praised for his understanding and interplay with Xavi
YN	Did Iniesta score his first goal of the season for Barcelona during the opening La Liga fixture against Racing Santander?	Yes
WHO	Who was named captain on several occasions?	Iniesta was named captain on several occasions
YN	Did Iniesta start all three matches for Spain at the 2014 FIFA World Cup?	Yes
YN	Was Iniesta also chosen as the UEFA Euro 2012 Player of the Tournament?	Yes
WHAT	What played 12 October 2014?	match played 12 October 2014
YN	Did Iniesta lift the Joan Gamper Trophy as the captain of the team?	Yes
WHO	Who was substituted before the penalty shootout itself?	Iniesta was substituted before the penalty shootout itself
WHAT	What performed by company Vipnet360 examined the web presence on platforms like Facebook?	The study performed by company Vipnet360 examined the web presence on platforms like Facebook
YN	Did Iniesta become the only Spanish player to win the award at least once in each of Spain's three consecutive successful tournaments?	Yes
YN	Was 25 November 2012 Iniesta named man of the match after scoring one goal and creating three others in a 4–0 win over Levante UD in the league?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta originally start as a defensive midfielder but his balance?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta play a pivotal part in Spain's qualification for UEFA Euro 2008 by scoring goals against Sweden and by assisting the strikers?	Yes
WHAT	What married on 8 July 2012?	The couple married on 8 July 2012
YN	Was Iniesta named the `` Best Player '' of the 2011–12 UEFA Champions League?	Yes
YN	Was Iniesta included in a list of 30 candidates for the prestigious Ballon d'Or?	Yes
WHO	Who traveled there with his parents and visited La Masia?	Iniesta traveled there with his parents and visited La Masia
YN	Did Iniesta suffer a leg injury and was expected to return to action in six weeks?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta return to Barcelona for a pre-season medical on 9 August 2010?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta become the third Barcelona player ever?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta win his first cap for La Furia Roja he was brought on at half-time in a friendly against Russia on 27 May 2006?	Yes
YN	Did Iniesta captain Barcelona in the 2015 UEFA Champions League Final?	Yes