YN	Did Buffon play his first game as official captain in the friendly match against Germany in Dortmund?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon once again the first choice goalkeeper under his former Juventus coach and Trapattoni's replacement Marcello Lippi?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon not selected to start in Italy's first match of the World Cup against England on 14 June 2014?	Yes
WHO	Who was also nominated for the 2003 Ballon d'Or that season?	Buffon was also nominated for the 2003 Ballon d'Or that season
WHAT	What lost to runners-up Inter in the Coppa Italia quarter-finals?	Juventus lost to runners-up Inter in the Coppa Italia quarter-finals
WHAT	What has won numerous?	Buffon has won numerous
YN	Was Buffon sold to Juventus for a world-record goalkeeper's transfer fee of 100 billion lire?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon named to the ten-man shortlist for the 2015 UEFA Best Player in Europe Award?	Yes
WHO	Who renewed his contract until 2013?	Buffon renewed his contract until 2013
YN	Was Buffon included in the Italian squad for the 2013 Confederations Cup in Brazil and played in every match of the tournament as captain?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon later make an important save in extra time on a header from eventual Golden Ball winner Zidane?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon join the `` Respect Diversity '' Programme?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon make his first appearance for Italy under new manager Antonio Conte on 9 September 2014?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon become the new captain of the national team under new manager Cesare Prandelli?	Yes
WHO	Who was included in the 55-player shortlist for the 2015 FIFPro World XI?	Buffon was included in the 55-player shortlist for the 2015 FIFPro World XI
YN	Was Buffon named acting Italy captain under Roberto Donadoni for Euro 2008 after incumbent Fabio Cannavaro was ruled out of the tournament due to injury?	Yes
WHO	Who joined the `` Respect Diversity '' Programme?	Buffon joined the `` Respect Diversity '' Programme
YN	Was Buffon nominated for the 2014 FIFPro World XI for a record 10th time?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon recognised for being quick to rush off his line?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon praised for making several saves?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon named Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year for the ninth time in his career?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon obtain his first clean sheet of the season in a 2–0 home win against Chievo on 22 September?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon often sidelined that season?	Yes
YN	Do Buffon become the sole shareholder of Carrarese through his family's company?	Yes
YN	Has Buffon been praised for his athleticism?	Yes
WHO	Who was once again elected to the Team of the Tournament for his performances?	Buffon was once again elected to the Team of the Tournament for his performances
YN	Did Buffon celebrate the save by showing the Parma fans a Superman T-shirt?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon once again named the second best goalkeeper in the world by IFFHS?	Yes
YN	Is Buffon the most capped player in the history of the Italian national team with 154 caps?	Yes
WHO	Who made several saves during the match?	Buffon made several saves during the match
YN	Was Buffon named in Italy's 31-man preliminary World Cup squad by Cesare Prandelli?	Yes
WHO	Who was in excellent form?	Buffon was in excellent form
YN	Did Buffon save a Lorenzo Insigne penalty in a 3–1 home win over Napoli in Serie A?	Yes
WHO	Who announced that the couple were expecting a child together?	Buffon announced that the couple were expecting a child together
YN	Did Buffon begin his career with the Parma youth system in 1991?	Yes
WHO	Who earned his 135th cap for Italy in the 2014 World Cup qualifier against Bulgaria?	Buffon earned his 135th cap for Italy in the 2014 World Cup qualifier against Bulgaria
WHO	Who was recognised for being quick to rush off his line?	Buffon was recognised for being quick to rush off his line
WHAT	What has been praised for his athleticism?	Buffon has been praised for his athleticism
YN	Did Buffon renew his contract with Juventus until 2012?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon regain the goalkeeping spot for the fourth match of the qualification series?	Yes
YN	Has Buffon represented Italy at all youth levels?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon elected as the goalkeeper for the 2007 FIFPro XI for the second consecutive year?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon voted man of the match for his performance?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon nominated for the 2015 UEFA Team of the Year?	Yes
YN	Does Buffon also hold the record for the most clean sheets in Serie A?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon included in the 2011–12 Serie A Team of the Year for his performances?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon's professional career begin with Parma in 1995?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon nominated for the FIFA World Player of the Year in 2009 for the sixth consecutive season since first being nominated in 2004?	Yes
WHO	Who became a share-holding partner of Carrarese ( his hometown and favourite childhood club?	Buffon became a share-holding partner of Carrarese ( his hometown and favourite childhood club
WHO	Who regained the goalkeeping spot for the fourth match of the qualification series?	Buffon regained the goalkeeping spot for the fourth match of the qualification series
WHO	Who conceded 17 goals in 27 appearances?	Buffon conceded 17 goals in 27 appearances
YN	Was Italy's starting goalkeeper (Buffon an unused substitute in the 1998 World Cup)?	Yes
WHO	Who was accused of illegally betting on Serie A matches?	Buffon was accused of illegally betting on Serie A matches
YN	Was Buffon cleared of all charges by the Italian Football Federation (FIGC) on 27 June 2007?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon manage to save two penalties?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon a key player for Juventus in the 2007–08 season?	Yes
WHO	Who acquired his nickname `` Superman '' during the course of the season?	Buffon acquired his nickname `` Superman '' during the course of the season
WHO	Who was named in Italy 's 31-man preliminary World Cup squad by Cesare Prandelli?	Buffon was named in Italy 's 31-man preliminary World Cup squad by Cesare Prandelli
YN	Has Buffon been called up for an international record of five World Cups (1998?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon make his 500th appearance in Serie A?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon lift the Serie A title for the third consecutive year?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon make his 400th appearance for Juventus?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon publicly endorse the prime minister at the time?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon announce that the couple were expecting a child together?	Yes
WHAT	What allowed Italy to move seven points clear in their qualifying group?	The win allowed Italy to move seven points clear in their qualifying group
YN	Did Buffon make his 400th Serie A appearance with Juventus in a 2–0 away win over Lazio?	Yes
WHO	Who made his 528th appearance for Juventus in all competitions?	Buffon made his 528th appearance for Juventus in all competitions
YN	Was Buffon nominated for the 2012 FIFA Ballon d'Or and the 2012 UEFA Team of the Year following his performances throughout the calendar year?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon born into a family of Italian athletes?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon also finish second to compatriot Cannavaro in the 2006 Ballon d'Or and eighth in the FIFA World Player of the Year for his performances that season?	Yes
WHO	Who began his career with the Parma youth system in 1991?	Buffon began his career with the Parma youth system in 1991
WHO	Who has been called up for an international record of five World Cups ( 1998?	Buffon has been called up for an international record of five World Cups ( 1998
YN	Did Buffon receive the Yashin Award as the best goalkeeeper of the tournament?	Yes
WHO	Who was often sidelined that season?	Buffon was often sidelined that season
YN	Is Buffon renowned for his consistent performances throughout his career?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon called upon due to his interest?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon make his 100th appearance for Juventus that season on 30 September 2003 in a 2–1 away win over Olympiacos in the group stage of the Champions League?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon become the third player to be part of five World Cup squads?	Yes
WHO	Who acted as captain during the entire tournament?	Buffon acted as captain during the entire tournament
WHO	Who was confirmed as the starting goalkeeper?	Buffon was confirmed as the starting goalkeeper
YN	Did season earn him his first Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year Award?	Yes
WHAT	What helped Italy to qualify for the upcoming World Cup?	The result helped Italy to qualify for the upcoming World Cup
WHO	Who finished in sixth place in Serie A that season?	Parma finished in sixth place in Serie A that season
WHO	Who was once again named the second best goalkeeper in the world by IFFHS?	Buffon was once again named the second best goalkeeper in the world by IFFHS
WHO	Who was nominated for the 2014 FIFPro World XI for a record 10th time?	Buffon was nominated for the 2014 FIFPro World XI for a record 10th time
YN	Does Buffon currently hold the record for the most clean-sheets with the Italian national side?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon named as the starting goalkeeper ahead of Luca Bucci?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon nominated for the 2013 FIFPro XI and the 2013 Ballon d'Or for his performances throughout the calendar year?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon begin the 2009–10 season strongly?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon named the first Juventus Player of the Month of the 2015–16 season for September by fans after a series of consistent performances?	Yes
WHAT	What reached the final of the tournament?	Italy reached the final of the tournament
YN	Did Buffon begin the 2003–04 season with Juventus by defeating Milan on penalties in the 2003 Supercoppa Italiana?	Yes
WHAT	What were placed in Group D?	Italy were placed in Group D
YN	Was Buffon awarded the Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year award for the eighth time in his career?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon elected vicepresident of the Italian Footballers' Association (AIC)?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon keep a clean sheet in a 1–0 away win over Sampdoria?	Yes
WHO	Who released the Italian edition of his autobiography?	Buffon released the Italian edition of his autobiography
YN	Had who by then acquired 56 percent of the company's shares?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon begin to suffer problems with his back?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon sign a contract extension with Juventus?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon sign a contract extension that would keep him at the club until 2017?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon save a Luís Figo penalty in the second leg of the semi-finals?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon manage to recover in time to help Juventus win their second consecutive Serie A title and his fourth overall?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon keep a clean sheet against France in the final group game?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon ’ s two sisters?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon regularly visit a psychologist and overcame his depression prior to Euro 2004?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon captain Juventus in the 2015 UEFA Champions League Final as the Turin club were defeated 3–1 by Barcelona at Berlin's Olympiastadion?	Yes
WHAT	What is also known for his charity work?	Buffon is also known for his charity work
WHO	Who was dismissed after Italy 's premature elimination from the World Cup?	Lippi was dismissed after Italy 's premature elimination from the World Cup
YN	Did Buffon become the first player to appear in 50 UEFA competitive international matches in Italy's 1–1 away draw against Croatia in a European qualifying match?	Yes
WHO	Who began to suffer problems with his back?	Buffon began to suffer problems with his back
YN	Did Buffon surpass Gaetano Scirea as the Juventus player with the second most minutes played in Serie A?	Yes
WHO	Who announced that he had separated from his wife after three years of marriage?	Buffon announced that he had separated from his wife after three years of marriage
WHAT	What put him at only one cap from record appearance holder Fabio Cannavaro?	This cap put him at only one cap from record appearance holder Fabio Cannavaro
WHO	Who appeared in 45 official matches?	Buffon appeared in 45 official matches
YN	Did Buffon claim to have suffered with bouts of depression during the 2003–04 season?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon win his first European trophy?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon concede 17 goals in 27 appearances?	Yes
WHO	Who equalled Scirea as the Juventus player with the second most appearances in Serie A?	Buffon equalled Scirea as the Juventus player with the second most appearances in Serie A
YN	Was Buffon chosen as part of the 2013–14 Europa League Team of the Season for his performances throughout the tournament?	Yes
WHO	Who was voted goalkeeper of the decade by IFFHS?	Buffon was voted goalkeeper of the decade by IFFHS
YN	Did Buffon earn his 126th cap for Italy?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon become a share-holding partner of Carrarese (his hometown and favourite childhood club?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon named the fifth-best goalkeeper in the world by the Daily Mail behind Manuel Neuer?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon make the most saves throughout the tournament (39)?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon make his 528th appearance for Juventus in all competitions?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon finally beaten by Maximiliano Moralez in a 4–1 win over Atalanta?	Yes
WHO	Who received the Yashin Award as the best goalkeeeper of the tournament?	Buffon received the Yashin Award as the best goalkeeeper of the tournament
YN	Did the season saw elected Juventus' Player of the Month in December 2011 by fans?	Yes
WHAT	What made Buffon Juventus 's most expensive purchase ever?	This transfer fee made Buffon Juventus 's most expensive purchase ever
YN	Did Buffon manage to go 801 minutes in total without conceding a league goal?	Yes
WHAT	What was also nominated for the UEFA Save of the Season Award?	the Champions League Final was also nominated for the UEFA Save of the Season Award
WHAT	What were eliminated in the semi-finals of the Coppa Italia to winners Lazio?	Juventus were eliminated in the semi-finals of the Coppa Italia to winners Lazio
YN	Did bear 28 January 1978) is an Italian professional goalkeeper who plays for and captains both Serie A club Juventus and the Italian national team?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon marry Czech model Alena Šeredová in June 2011?	Yes
YN	Do Buffon's decision to wear the number 88 shirt?	Yes
WHO	Who had managed to keep a clean sheet throughout the match?	Spanish counterpart Iker Casillas had managed to keep a clean sheet throughout the match
WHO	Who became the new captain of the national team under new manager Cesare Prandelli?	Buffon became the new captain of the national team under new manager Cesare Prandelli
YN	Did Buffon go on to make seven more first team appearances that season as well as one appearance in the Coppa Italia?	Yes
WHAT	What finished in third place in their group?	Italy finished in third place in their group
YN	Did Buffon describe it as the second highest point of his career?	Yes
WHO	Who recorded his seventh consecutive clean sheet?	Buffon recorded his seventh consecutive clean sheet
WHAT	What were eliminated in the group stage of the Champions League?	Juventus were eliminated in the group stage of the Champions League
YN	Did Buffon acquire his nickname `` Superman '' during the course of the season?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon once again elected to the Team of the Tournament for his performances?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon also a member of the Italy squad that won the gold medal for football at the 1997 Mediterranean Games in Bari?	Yes
YN	Is Italy goalkeeping legend Lorenzo Buffon also a cousin of Gianluigi Buffon ’ s grandfather?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon surpass Dino Zoff and established the new record for most minutes without conceding a goal in European Championship qualifying matches?	Yes
WHO	Who lifted the Serie A title for the third consecutive year?	Buffon lifted the Serie A title for the third consecutive year
WHO	Who finished the season on a high note?	Juventus finished the season on a high note
WHO	Who played every minute of Italy 's 2002 World Cup campaign?	Buffon played every minute of Italy 's 2002 World Cup campaign
WHO	Who was voted second in the IFFHS World 's Best Goalkeeper award?	Buffon was voted second in the IFFHS World 's Best Goalkeeper award
YN	Did Buffon make several important saves?	Yes
WHAT	What earned him his first Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year Award?	season earned him his first Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year Award
WHO	Who elected to remain with Juventus?	Buffon elected to remain with Juventus
YN	Was Buffon voted Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year for the second time in his career?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon once again sidelined by several injuries?	Yes
WHO	Who obtained 21 clean sheets in Serie A?	Buffon obtained 21 clean sheets in Serie A
YN	Did Buffon keep a clean sheet for Italy in the 1–0 win and was praised for making several saves?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon make notable saves against Ballon d'Or winners Roberto Baggio and George Weah?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon featured on the cover of the Italian edition of Konami's PES 2008?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon do not play for the first half of the 2010–11 season as he was recovering from surgery after an injury endured during the World Cup?	Yes
WHO	Who was born into a family of Italian athletes?	Buffon was born into a family of Italian athletes
WHO	Who retained their Serie A title that season?	Juventus retained their Serie A title that season
YN	Was Buffon named Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year for the seventh time in his career?	Yes
YN	Do Buffon overtake Alessandro Del Piero's record for most minutes played with Juventus in the 73rd minute of Juventus's 0–0 home draw against Borussia Mönchengladbach?	Yes
WHO	Who become the sole shareholder of Carrarese through his family 's company?	Buffon become the sole shareholder of Carrarese through his family 's company
WHO	Who placed fourth in the 2014 IFFHS World 's Best Goalkeeper Award?	Buffon placed fourth in the 2014 IFFHS World 's Best Goalkeeper Award
WHO	Who was the winner of the 2006 Yashin Award following Italy 's World Cup victory?	Buffon was the winner of the 2006 Yashin Award following Italy 's World Cup victory
WHO	Who claimed to be unaware of the number 's neo-Nazi connotations?	Buffon claimed to be unaware of the number 's neo-Nazi connotations
YN	Did Buffon keep a clean-sheet as Juventus defeated Lazio 2–0 in the 2015 Supercoppa Italiana to win the title for a record seventh time?	Yes
WHAT	What were knocked out in the quarter-finals of the Champions League?	Juventus were knocked out in the quarter-finals of the Champions League
WHAT	What has represented Italy at all youth levels?	Buffon has represented Italy at all youth levels
YN	Did Buffon make notable saves under snowy conditions in a 1–1 away draw?	Yes
YN	Did Juventus finish the season on a high note?	Yes
WHO	Who had a dominant year?	Buffon had a dominant year
YN	Did Buffon make his 500th appearance for Juventus in a 1–0 away loss to Genoa?	Yes
WHO	Who was awarded the 2013 `` Pallone Azzurro '' award?	Buffon was awarded the 2013 `` Pallone Azzurro '' award
YN	Was Buffon runner-up for the Ballon d'Or and was elected to be part of the FIFPro World XI?	Yes
WHAT	What awarded Japan a penalty in the 20th minute of the first half?	the referee awarded Japan a penalty in the 20th minute of the first half
YN	Did Buffon suffer a minor injury and missed the first Serie A match of the 2012–13 season against Parma on 25 August 2012?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon save a penalty from Michael Mifsud?	Yes
WHO	Who was acquired by a French investment fund?	Zucchi was acquired by a French investment fund
YN	Did Buffon claim to be unaware of the number's neo-Nazi connotations?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon announce that he had separated from his wife after three years of marriage?	Yes
WHO	Who finished fourth in Serie A?	Parma finished fourth in Serie A
YN	Did Buffon renew his contract until 2013?	Yes
YN	Has Buffon won six Serie A titles?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon play every minute of Italy's 2002 World Cup campaign?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon earn his 135th cap for Italy in the 2014 World Cup qualifier against Bulgaria?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon make his 200th appearance for Juventus that season in a 2–0 away defeat at the hands of Arsenal in the quarter-finals of the Champions League?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon transfer from Parma to Juventus in the summer of 2001 for €52 million?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon make several saves during the match?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon awarded the 2013 `` Pallone Azzurro '' award?	Yes
WHO	Who was voted man of the match for his performance?	Buffon was voted man of the match for his performance
WHO	Who was featured on the cover of the Italian edition of Konami 's PES 2008?	Buffon was featured on the cover of the Italian edition of Konami 's PES 2008
YN	Did take part in the `` Match for Peace?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon receive the first red card of his career in a match against AlbinoLeffe on 18 November 2006?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon manage 89 saves and 18 clean sheets in 33 appearances during the Serie A season?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon save the 20th penalty of his career in a 1–0 away win over Genoa?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon eventually beaten in the 81st minute by a Diego Godín header?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon seen despondent whilst the team drew with both Lecce and Atalanta)?	Yes
WHO	Who was also nominated for the UEFA Team of the Year?	Buffon was also nominated for the UEFA Team of the Year
WHAT	What has been sponsored by German sportswear company Puma during his career?	Buffon has been sponsored by German sportswear company Puma during his career
YN	Did Buffon place fourth in the 2014 IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper Award?	Yes
YN	Has Buffon featured in Pepsi commercials?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon included in the 55-player shortlist for the 2015 FIFPro World XI?	Yes
WHO	Who made notable saves against Ballon d'Or winners Roberto Baggio and George Weah?	Buffon made notable saves against Ballon d'Or winners Roberto Baggio and George Weah
YN	Did Buffon collide with Milan attacking-midfielder Kaká during the annual pre-season Trofeo Luigi Berlusconi match and suffered a dislocated shoulder?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon replaced at half-time in Italy's 1–1 draw in their opening group stage match against Paraguay after he had a problem with his sciatic nerve?	Yes
WHO	Who surpassed Zoff 's number of caps for Italy ( 112 )?	Buffon surpassed Zoff 's number of caps for Italy ( 112 )
YN	Was Buffon promoted to the senior squad in 1995?	Yes
WHO	Who described it as the second highest point of his career?	Buffon described it as the second highest point of his career
YN	Did Buffon act as captain during the entire tournament?	Yes
WHO	Who received the Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year for the fourth time?	Buffon received the Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year for the fourth time
WHAT	What is renowned for his consistent performances throughout his career?	Buffon is renowned for his consistent performances throughout his career
YN	Was Buffon awarded his first cap for Italy's senior team under Cesare Maldini on 29 October 1997?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon also nominated for the 2003 Ballon d'Or that season?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon lift his first trophy as the new Juventus captain?	Yes
WHAT	What saw elected Juventus ' Player of the Month in December 2011 by fans?	the season saw elected Juventus ' Player of the Month in December 2011 by fans
WHAT	What earned him the Juventus player of the month award for December 2013?	His performances earned him the Juventus player of the month award for December 2013
YN	Did Buffon help lead Parma to another Coppa Italia Final?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon confirmed as the starting goalkeeper?	Yes
YN	Had spanish counterpart Iker Casillas managed to keep a clean sheet throughout the match?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon make his Juventus debut in Serie A during the 2001–02 season?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon save a Germán Denis penalty in a 3–0 away win over Atalanta?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon make his 300th appearance for Juventus in a 3–3 home draw against Chievo in 2009?	Yes
YN	Is Buffon the only goalkeeper to have won the UEFA Club Footballer of the Year Award?	Yes
WHAT	What Qualifying fixture against the Czech Republic?	the 2014 FIFA World Cup Qualifying fixture against the Czech Republic
WHO	Who was awarded the Nereo Rocco Prize on 2 September 2014?	Buffon was awarded the Nereo Rocco Prize on 2 September 2014
YN	Did Buffon make his 400th League appearance with Juventus (37 of which were in Serie B?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon also nominated for the UEFA Team of the Year?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon named Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year for the tenth time in his career on 14 December?	Yes
WHO	Who celebrated the save by showing the Parma fans a Superman T-shirt?	Buffon celebrated the save by showing the Parma fans a Superman T-shirt
YN	Was Buffon awarded the Nereo Rocco Prize on 2 September 2014?	Yes
WHAT	What began with Parma in 1995?	Buffon 's professional career began with Parma in 1995
YN	Did Buffon appear in 45 official matches?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon equal Scirea as the Juventus player with the second most appearances in Serie A?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon later say that there had been an initial possibility for him to join Roma?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon receive the Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year for the fourth time?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon obtain 21 clean sheets in Serie A?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon named IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper for the third time in his career and Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year for the sixth time?	Yes
WHO	Who held his position between the sticks?	reserve goalkeeper Alexander Manninger held his position between the sticks
WHO	Who left Juventus to take charge of the Italian national side?	manager Antonio Conte left Juventus to take charge of the Italian national side
WHO	Who was elected vicepresident of the Italian Footballers ' Association ( AIC )?	Buffon was elected vicepresident of the Italian Footballers ' Association ( AIC )
YN	Did Buffon surpass Zoff's number of caps for Italy (112)?	Yes
WHAT	What qualifying match against Malta?	a 2014 World Cup qualifying match against Malta
YN	Does Buffon also feature in EA Sports' FIFA video game series?	Yes
YN	Do Buffon overtake Dida as the goalkeeper with the fourth-highest number of clean sheets in Champions League history?	Yes
YN	Is Buffon also known for his charity work?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon make 38 appearances in Serie A and 48 in all competitions that season as he won his third Serie A title in four years with Juventus?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon also nominated for the Ballon d'Or in 2008 for the sixth consecutive time in his career since 2003?	Yes
WHO	Who managed to celebrate their second consecutive Serie A title that season?	Juventus managed to celebrate their second consecutive Serie A title that season
WHO	Who signed a contract extension that would keep him at the club until 2017?	Buffon signed a contract extension that would keep him at the club until 2017
YN	Did Buffon release the Italian edition of his autobiography?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon the winner of the 2006 Yashin Award following Italy's World Cup victory?	Yes
WHAT	What announced the birth of their son Leopoldo Mattia on Twitter earlier that evening?	the couple announced the birth of their son Leopoldo Mattia on Twitter earlier that evening
WHAT	What suffered in training?	Due to an ankle injury suffered in training
YN	Did Buffon equal Cannavaro as the Italian national team record appearance holder?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon formally interrogated and admitted placing bets on sporting matches until players were forbidden from doing so in October 2005?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon accused of illegally betting on Serie A matches?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon keep a clean sheet in a 1–0 Coppa Italia win against Cagliari?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon elect to remain with Juventus?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon also receive his first ever FIFA World Player of the Year nomination in 2004?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon save an early Mario Mandžukić penalty?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon voted goalkeeper of the decade by IFFHS?	Yes
YN	Did Buffon save shots from Luis Suárez and Nicolás Lodeiro?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon awarded his third Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year Award at the end of the season for his performances?	Yes
WHO	Who lifted his first trophy as the new Juventus captain?	Buffon lifted his first trophy as the new Juventus captain
YN	Did Buffon record his seventh consecutive clean sheet?	Yes
YN	Has Buffon been sponsored by German sportswear company Puma during his career?	Yes
YN	Was Buffon voted second in the IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper award?	Yes
WHO	Who signed a contract extension with Juventus?	Buffon signed a contract extension with Juventus