YN	Did Beckham's agent release a statement reiterating Beckham's position that he had no desire to retire from international football?	Yes
YN	Did David inherit his parents' love of Manchester United?	Yes
YN	Did Fabio Capello lead to speculation that he might return to Europe to retain match fitness for the World Cup qualifying matches in 2009?	Yes
WHO	Who was brought to San Siro?	Beckham was brought to San Siro
WHAT	What put it as follows?	The company 's CEO Tim Leiweke put it as follows
WHAT	What has supported UNICEF since his days at Manchester United and in January 2005?	Beckham has supported UNICEF since his days at Manchester United and in January 2005
WHO	Who returned to the pitch the following week?	Beckham returned to the pitch the following week
YN	Was Beckham hailed as the ultimate `` metrosexual '' by the man who invented the term and has been described as such by numerous other articles since?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham unveiled in front of 500 accredited journalists from 25 countries at Real's basketball facility?	Yes
WHAT	What were against South American teams ( Colombia?	All three goals were against South American teams ( Colombia
WHO	Who had a great deal of confidence in the club 's young players?	United manager Sir Alex Ferguson had a great deal of confidence in the club 's young players
WHAT	What appointed Beckham as global ambassador for Chinese football in March 2013?	Chinese authorities appointed Beckham as global ambassador for Chinese football in March 2013
WHO	Who appeared on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on NBC in the U.S?	Beckham appeared on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on NBC in the U.S
WHO	Who was in pre-season training in Spain?	Beckham was in pre-season training in Spain
YN	Did Beckham play in a friendly for England against Germany?	Yes
WHO	Who featured in EA Sports ' FIFA video game series?	Beckham featured in EA Sports ' FIFA video game series
WHO	Who assisted a goal by Matuidi from a corner?	this game Beckham assisted a goal by Matuidi from a corner
YN	Did Beckham announce that he would retire from professional football at the end of that year's French football season?	Yes
WHO	Who bought an $ 18.2 million home on San Ysidro Drive in Beverly Hills?	wife Victoria bought an $ 18.2 million home on San Ysidro Drive in Beverly Hills
YN	Do 10 Downing Street to call for more action to help children affected by malnutrition around the world?	Yes
YN	Has who been famous in her own right as part of the Spice Girls?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham brought to San Siro?	Yes
WHO	Who was believed to have prompted a Taliban attack on Kandahar airfield?	Defence Secretary Liam Fox was believed to have prompted a Taliban attack on Kandahar airfield
YN	Did Beckham return to Manchester and finally made his Premier League debut for Manchester United on 2 April 1995?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham score a trademark free kick in a 2–1 win over Chivas to mark his first goal in 2010?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham the first England player ever to collect two red cards and the first England captain to be sent off?	Yes
WHAT	What came on 24 February 2013?	His Paris Saint-Germain debut came on 24 February 2013
WHO	Who led La Liga in number of assists?	Beckham led La Liga in number of assists
WHAT	What had a disappointing year?	the Galaxy had a disappointing year
WHO	Who was the best man?	Beckham 's team-mate Gary Neville was the best man
YN	Did Austria make him the first England captain to be sent off and the first player to be sent off twice while playing for England?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham announce that he had signed a five-year deal to play for LA Galaxy beginning 1 July 2007?	Yes
WHO	Who trained with Arsenal from 4 January 2008 for three weeks?	Beckham trained with Arsenal from 4 January 2008 for three weeks
WHO	Who watching from a luxury box at Bernabeu Stadium?	Katie Holmes watching from a luxury box at Bernabeu Stadium
YN	Did Beckham also appoint close friend Terry Byrne to be his personal manager?	Yes
YN	Had claiming he not been `` fair to his teammates '' Beckham had a good season for his club?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham make his first appearance for the England national football team on 1 September 1996?	Yes
WHAT	What had hosted a welcoming bash for David at its new eight-storey?	CAA had hosted a welcoming bash for David at its new eight-storey
WHO	Who became something of a household name?	Beckham became something of a household name
YN	Did Beckham start dating Victoria Adams?	Yes
WHO	Who played a pivotal role in all three Madrid goals in the home game?	Beckham played a pivotal role in all three Madrid goals in the home game
YN	Did Beckham start in his final match for the club?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham become something of a household name?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham injure his right knee?	Yes
WHAT	What gathered around Manchester United Supporters ' Trust gained steam in 2010?	the people gathered around Manchester United Supporters ' Trust gained steam in 2010
YN	Was Beckham to join them on loan from 7 January 2009?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham play as a substitute in the match?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham given specially designed boots in the colours of the Union Jack to wear in his final game?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham help United retain the Premier League title in 1999–2000 by an 18-point margin – after being pushed by Arsenal and Leeds United for much of the season?	Yes
YN	Had Young Beckham trials with his local club Leyton Orient?	Yes
WHO	Who reported that Beckham 's loan had been extended through mid-July?	the Los Angeles Times reported that Beckham 's loan had been extended through mid-July
WHAT	What came from corners taken by Beckham?	the goals came from corners taken by Beckham
YN	Did Beckham become an automatic first-choice player at Manchester United helping them to retain the Premier League championship?	Yes
YN	Did having be fouled by Diego Simeone?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham captain England 59 times?	Yes
YN	Did the first nine matches Beckham start?	Yes
WHO	Who has played 420 competitive games for England?	Beckham has played 420 competitive games for England
WHAT	What is a line of aftershave and fragrances called David Beckham Instinct?	One example is a line of aftershave and fragrances called David Beckham Instinct
YN	Did Beckham do not break into the England squad before Euro 96?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham start against Brazil in England's first match at the new Wembley Stadium and put in a positive performance?	Yes
WHO	Who was the first club he played for?	Tottenham Hotspur was the first club he played for
YN	Is Beckham a founding member of the Malaria No More UK Leadership Council and helped launch the charity in 2009 with Andy Murray at Wembley Stadium?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham a Manchester United mascot for a match against West Ham United in 1986?	Yes
YN	Has Beckham supported UNICEF since his days at Manchester United and in January 2005?	Yes
WHAT	What were in the house at the time?	their children were in the house at the time
YN	Did Beckham notice that Wimbledon's goalkeeper Neil Sullivan was standing a long way out of his goal?	Yes
YN	Was the 1996–97 season David Beckham given the number 10 shirt that had most recently been worn by Mark Hughes?	Yes
WHAT	What is being developed by Beckham?	A mobile academy is being developed by Beckham
YN	Did Beckham start appearing in adverts for BSkyB advertising their Sky Sports coverage via the Sky Go app?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham play in central midfield in United's win over Bayern Munich in the 1999 UEFA Champions League Final?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham achieve a degree of revenge over Argentina by scoring the winning goal with a penalty?	Yes
YN	Is the company that owns the team that David Beckham going to play for?	Yes
WHO	Who began while he was still a Real Madrid player?	Major League Soccer began while he was still a Real Madrid player
YN	Did the Galaxy win the 2011 MLS cup?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham partially fit by the time of the 2002 World Cup held in Japan and South Korea?	Yes
WHO	Who scored an empty-net goal from 70 yards out?	Beckham scored an empty-net goal from 70 yards out
WHO	Who backtracked on his earlier statement?	Capello backtracked on his earlier statement
WHAT	What following the announcement?	the months following the announcement
WHO	Who was heavily linked with Paris Saint-Germain?	Beckham was heavily linked with Paris Saint-Germain
YN	Did Beckham earn his 99th cap against Croatia?	Yes
YN	Did who marry at the London Borough of Hackney in 1969?	Yes
WHO	Who gave another assist to Steven Gerrard?	Beckham gave another assist to Steven Gerrard
YN	Was Beckham sent off for the third time that season in a league match against Getafe CF?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham reportedly told by a club doctor that he believed he could continue playing football for another five years?	Yes
YN	Has Beckham expressed no personal interest in pursuit of acting roles?	Yes
WHO	Who was expected to return to L.A. in March?	Beckham was expected to return to L.A. in March
WHO	Who had a total of 32 tattoos?	Beckham had a total of 32 tattoos
WHO	Who was made captain in his final home game against Brest?	Beckham was made captain in his final home game against Brest
YN	Did Beckham score Manchester United's second goal in the 30th minute of their 3–1 first-leg win of the final against Crystal Palace on 14 April 1992?	Yes
YN	Did the pro-Beckham crowd boo the decision?	Yes
WHO	Who was subbed after 80 minutes?	Beckham was subbed after 80 minutes
YN	Did Beckham maintain his training routine at Real Madrid and even?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham train with Arsenal from 4 January 2008 for three weeks?	Yes
WHAT	What were still able to obtain photographs showing them sitting on golden thrones?	newspapers were still able to obtain photographs showing them sitting on golden thrones
YN	Was Beckham unveiled at Milan's training facility by the club's chief executive Adriano Galliani on 20 December 2008?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham honoured before the match by receiving an honorary gold cap representing his 100th cap from Bobby Charlton?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham score from a free kick in the 59th minute?	Yes
WHAT	What won their final 11 league games of the season?	United won their final 11 league games of the season
YN	Did Beckham gain membership into two of football's exclusive clubs?	Yes
WHAT	What are all about the people in my life?	Mine are all about the people in my life
YN	Did Beckham help the Galaxy to a fourth-place finish in the MLS Western Conference 2012 regular season with Beckham scoring seven goals and adding nine assists?	Yes
YN	Has Beckham pledged his support for the Unite for Children?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham play against Manchester United for the first time since he left the club in 2003?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham play in all of England's matches at Euro 2004?	Yes
WHO	Who had trials with his local club Leyton Orient?	Young Beckham had trials with his local club Leyton Orient
YN	Did Beckham's free kick lead to an own-goal by Carlos Gamarra as England won 1–0?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham named in the provisional squad to represent the Great Britain Olympic football team at the 2012 Olympics?	Yes
YN	Had Beckham made 265 Premier league appearances for United and scored 61 goals?	Yes
YN	Did he reveal some of his thoughts on tattoos?	Yes
WHAT	What featuring Tom Cruise?	a long Hollywood celebrity list featuring Tom Cruise
YN	Did Beckham return to the game as a substitute in the 70th minute in the Galaxy's 3–1 win over Columbus Crew?	Yes
WHAT	What was running `` Hello?	ESPN sports network was running `` Hello
YN	Was Beckham due to receive a one-match suspension for his next caution?	Yes
WHAT	What was held for the couple at the Museum of Contemporary Art?	a private welcoming party was held for the couple at the Museum of Contemporary Art
WHAT	What had started the season badly?	the team had started the season badly
WHAT	What wanted to make cameo appearances?	his wife wanted to make cameo appearances
YN	Did Beckham's impact lead to a first-team debut on 23 September 1992?	Yes
WHAT	What frenzy it created?	the media frenzy it created
WHO	Who chose to wear number 23?	Beckham chose to wear number 23
YN	Did Beckham found the David Beckham Academy football school?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham substituted following an injury shortly after half time and the England team went on to lose the match on penalties (3–1)?	Yes
WHAT	What was Jewish?	Beckham 's maternal grandfather was Jewish
YN	Was Beckham part of a group of young talents Ferguson brought into United in the 1990s (known as `` Fergie's Fledglings '')?	Yes
WHO	Who performed surgery on Beckham 's tendon in Turku?	Doctor Sakari Orava performed surgery on Beckham 's tendon in Turku
YN	Have it would been the third time he has won a league championship in his final match for a club?	Yes
WHAT	What were received by U.S. President Barack Obama at the White House?	his victorious team-mates were received by U.S. President Barack Obama at the White House
WHAT	What led to a great deal of transfer speculation involving Beckham?	The incident led to a great deal of transfer speculation involving Beckham
WHO	Who is godfather to Brooklyn and Romeo Beckham?	Elton John is godfather to Brooklyn and Romeo Beckham
WHO	Who played as a substitute in the match?	Beckham played as a substitute in the match
WHAT	What expressed serious reservations about the transfer?	the club expressed serious reservations about the transfer
YN	Does he's back at the top of his game at last?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham dropped completely from the England national team selected by new coach Steve McClaren on 11 August 2006?	Yes
YN	Has Beckham consistently ranked among the highest earners in football?	Yes
YN	Did this game Beckham assist a goal by Matuidi from a corner?	Yes
WHAT	What took effect on 11 July?	LA Galaxy took effect on 11 July
YN	Did Beckham lead La Liga in number of assists?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham play a pivotal role in all three Madrid goals in the home game?	Yes
WHAT	What was at New England Revolution and Beckham decided to sit it out?	the road trip was at New England Revolution and Beckham decided to sit it out
YN	Was Beckham voted the BBC Sports Personality of the Year for 2001?	Yes
YN	Do Beckham's many endorsement deals make him one of the most recognisable athletes throughout the world?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham also receive death threats after the World Cup?	Yes
WHO	Who inherited his parents ' love of Manchester United?	David inherited his parents ' love of Manchester United
WHO	Who played for Brimsdown Rovers ' youth team?	which Beckham played for Brimsdown Rovers ' youth team
YN	Did Victoria marry at Luttrellstown Castle in Ireland?	Yes
YN	Did which Beckham play for Brimsdown Rovers' youth team?	Yes
YN	Had Beckham worn the number seven shirt for Manchester United and England?	Yes
YN	Have Switzerland which would given him his hundredth cap?	Yes
YN	Did 19 Entertainment succeed in putting together an unprecedented US media rollout designed to expand his carefully crafted personal brand in America?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham make a winning return in a Milan shirt?	Yes
WHO	Who was due to receive a one-match suspension for his next caution?	Beckham was due to receive a one-match suspension for his next caution
YN	Did Beckham train with Tottenham Hotspur?	Yes
YN	Did bear 2 May 1975) is an English former professional footballer?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham make more headlines on 9 October 2004?	Yes
WHAT	What paid immediate financial dividends for Galaxy long before Beckham joined the team?	The high-profile acquisition paid immediate financial dividends for Galaxy long before Beckham joined the team
YN	Did Beckham make his UEFA Champions League debut?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham dismiss both accusations as `` ludicrous ''?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham play a major role in helping England qualify for the 2002 FIFA World Cup?	Yes
WHAT	What is he needs a rehabilitation for the next few months?	The prognosis is he needs a rehabilitation for the next few months
WHO	Who signed a five-year contract with Major League Soccer club LA Galaxy?	July 2007 Beckham signed a five-year contract with Major League Soccer club LA Galaxy
WHAT	What made top news all across the globe?	The announcement made top news all across the globe
YN	Did Beckham become known as a fashion icon?	Yes
WHAT	What have all played football in the Arsenal Academy?	Beckham 's three sons have all played football in the Arsenal Academy
YN	Did coming to America air on NBC?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham's debut earn a 1.0 TV rating?	Yes
WHO	Who scored his famous goal?	When Beckham scored his famous goal
WHO	Who won six Premier League titles?	Beckham won six Premier League titles
WHO	Who was a Manchester United mascot for a match against West Ham United in 1986?	Beckham was a Manchester United mascot for a match against West Ham United in 1986
WHO	Who named Carlos Queiroz as their new head coach?	Real named Carlos Queiroz as their new head coach
WHAT	What conducted by Channel 4 in 2002?	a UK poll conducted by Channel 4 in 2002
WHAT	What make him one of the most recognisable athletes throughout the world?	Beckham 's many endorsement deals make him one of the most recognisable athletes throughout the world
WHO	Who became known as a fashion icon?	Beckham became known as a fashion icon
YN	Did Beckham become a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador in January 2005 and was involved in promoting London's successful bid for the 2012 Olympic Games?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham win six Premier League titles?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham promoted to team captain by the caretaker manager Peter Taylor?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham in pre-season training in Spain?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham live in a four-bedroom house in Worsley that he bought directly from the property developer as a 20-year-old in 1995?	Yes
WHO	Who surpassed Moore to hold the record outright?	Beckham surpassed Moore to hold the record outright
YN	Did Beckham go on to gain his first full appearance in the club's first team against Port Vale in a League Cup fixture?	Yes
YN	Had March 2015 Beckham the third highest social media rank in the world among sportspeople?	Yes
WHAT	What chose the number 32 shirt previously worn by Christian Vieri?	The player chose the number 32 shirt previously worn by Christian Vieri
WHO	Who has consistently ranked among the highest earners in football?	Beckham has consistently ranked among the highest earners in football
WHO	Who announced in mid-June?	Though announced in mid-June
WHAT	What finished in a draw and England were eliminated in a penalty shootout?	The match finished in a draw and England were eliminated in a penalty shootout
WHAT	What continued during a month of speculation?	negotiations continued during a month of speculation
YN	Was Beckham visibly shaken and emotional for not being able to play?	Yes
WHO	Who suffered a torn left Achilles tendon?	Beckham suffered a torn left Achilles tendon
WHO	Who said that Beckham had played his last game for Real Madrid?	Fabio Capello said that Beckham had played his last game for Real Madrid
YN	Had he received after being sent off in the World Cup would lead to him leaving England?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham score his first goal of the season for the Galaxy from a 30-yard free kick?	Yes
YN	Had Beckham played in all of England's qualifying matches for the 1998 World Cup and was part of the England squad at the World Cup finals in France?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham send two trademark assists for Michael Owen and Peter Crouch?	Yes
YN	Did villain to national hero happen in England's final qualifying game against Greece on 6 October 2001?	Yes
YN	Did when Beckham score his famous goal?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham receiving from English supporters peaked during England's 3–2 defeat by Portugal in Euro 2000?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham sign as a professional on 23 January 1993?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham play a full 90-minutes of the fixture which ended 3–2 in favour of Manchester United and 6–3 on aggregate?	Yes
WHO	Who died on 29 January 2007?	Rebecca died on 29 January 2007
YN	Did Beckham win a fourth different top flight winners' medal after PSG beat Lyon 1–0 to claim the Ligue 1 title?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham's schedule arrival to the United States?	Yes
WHO	Who made more headlines on 9 October 2004?	Beckham made more headlines on 9 October 2004
YN	Did LA Galaxy take effect on 11 July?	Yes
YN	Has David already appeared on the covers of many magazines?	Yes
WHO	Who was proving a good fit for the 33-year-old Englishman?	Ancelotti-coached Milan was proving a good fit for the 33-year-old Englishman
YN	Had Beckham assisted in three of England's four total goals in those two games?	Yes
WHAT	What began with Manchester United?	Beckham 's professional club career began with Manchester United
WHO	Who founded the David Beckham Academy football school?	Beckham founded the David Beckham Academy football school
YN	Did Real name Carlos Queiroz as their new head coach?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham finish his fifth MLS season on a high?	Yes
WHO	Who was born at Whipps Cross University Hospital in Leytonstone?	Beckham was born at Whipps Cross University Hospital in Leytonstone
WHO	Who retired as a player and left the coveted number 7 shirt free?	Eric Cantona retired as a player and left the coveted number 7 shirt free
YN	Did Beckham escort Kirsty Howard as she presented the Jubilee Baton to the Queen?	Yes
WHO	Who captained England 59 times?	Beckham captained England 59 times
WHAT	What reported the deal to be worth US $ 250 million?	many worldwide media outlets reported the deal to be worth US $ 250 million
WHAT	What based in Miami would begin play in 2016 or 2017?	The team based in Miami would begin play in 2016 or 2017
WHO	Who started dating Victoria Adams?	Beckham started dating Victoria Adams
YN	Was Beckham made captain in his final home game against Brest?	Yes
WHO	Who dismissed both accusations as `` ludicrous ''?	Beckham dismissed both accusations as `` ludicrous ''
YN	Did Beckham's contract become public knowledge?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham's most notorious red card during the 1998 FIFA World Cup after Argentina's Diego Simeone had fouled him?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham say that he has no plans to retire from international football and wanted to continue playing for the national team?	Yes
YN	Does Beckham appear as a projectionist in the Guy Ritchie-directed action film The Man from U.N.C.L.E.?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham draw level with Bobby Moore's record of 108 caps for an English outfield player?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham's eldest son Brooklyn previously play football for Arsenal U16?	Yes
WHO	Who trained with Tottenham Hotspur?	Beckham trained with Tottenham Hotspur
YN	Did Beckham score an empty-net goal from 70 yards out?	Yes
WHO	Who made his England debut on 1 September 1996 at the age of 21?	Beckham made his England debut on 1 September 1996 at the age of 21
WHO	Who played in a friendly for England against Germany?	Beckham played in a friendly for England against Germany
YN	Did Beckham sign on with Simon Fuller and his company 19 Entertainment that already managed the career of Victoria?	Yes
WHO	Who claimed that she had slept with Beckham on two occasions?	the Malaysian-born Australian model Sarah Marbeck claimed that she had slept with Beckham on two occasions
YN	Did Beckham also end his relationship with agent Tony Stephens of SFX Europe who had guided him through his career up until this point?	Yes
WHAT	What were confirmed on 4 February?	The rumours were confirmed on 4 February
YN	Do other real life Real Madrid players also appear on and off the pitch?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham the latest signing in the Galácticos era of global stars signed by club president Florentino Pérez every summer?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham make his England debut on 1 September 1996 at the age of 21?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham never personally appear in the 2002 film Bend It Like Beckham?	Yes
WHAT	What have four children?	Victoria Beckham have four children
YN	Did Real down 0–1 Beckham limp off the field and was replaced by José Antonio Reyes who scored two goals leading the team to that season's La Liga title?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham choose to wear number 23?	Yes
YN	Is Beckham a `` product of Sir Alex Ferguson's school of hard graft '' at Manchester United?	Yes
WHAT	What had a much more successful season than in previous years?	the Galaxy had a much more successful season than in previous years
YN	Has he been a UNICEF UK ambassador since 2005?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham suffer a torn left Achilles tendon?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham give another assist to Steven Gerrard?	Yes
WHO	Who had the third highest social media rank in the world among sportspeople?	March 2015 Beckham had the third highest social media rank in the world among sportspeople
YN	Did Major League Soccer begin while he was still a Real Madrid player?	Yes
WHAT	What came as a bitter blow to the newly elected Barcelona president Joan Laporta?	The news came as a bitter blow to the newly elected Barcelona president Joan Laporta
YN	Did Beckham reportedly spend hours practising his free kicks after training sessions had ended?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham score his first league goal with the Galaxy on 3 April against the San Jose Earthquakes in the ninth minute?	Yes
WHO	Who announced that Beckham was to join them on loan from 7 January 2009?	Milan announced that Beckham was to join them on loan from 7 January 2009
WHAT	What led to a first-team debut on 23 September 1992?	Beckham 's impact led to a first-team debut on 23 September 1992
WHAT	What lost the shootout thus going out of the competition?	England lost the shootout thus going out of the competition
YN	Is Beckham `` going to Hollywood to be half a film star ''?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham score directly from a corner in a 2–1 win over Chicago Fire?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham subbed after 80 minutes?	Yes
WHAT	What attracted tremendous media coverage?	The wedding attracted tremendous media coverage
YN	Was Beckham injured during a Champions League match against Deportivo La Coruña?	Yes
WHAT	What remained as manager?	the World Cup Capello remained as manager
YN	Was Beckham's role to help improve the image of the game and raise its profile both in China and abroad?	Yes
WHO	Who had made 265 Premier league appearances for United and scored 61 goals?	Beckham had made 265 Premier league appearances for United and scored 61 goals
YN	Was Beckham part of a group of young players?	Yes
WHAT	What had the names of his wife?	These boots had the names of his wife
WHO	Who married at Luttrellstown Castle in Ireland?	Victoria married at Luttrellstown Castle in Ireland
WHAT	What featured a scare for already injured Beckham?	The match 's added time featured a scare for already injured Beckham
WHAT	What aired in the U.S. on Fox Networks?	The TV spot aired in the U.S. on Fox Networks
YN	Did Beckham surpass Moore to hold the record outright?	Yes
YN	Had Beckham earlier announced that the 2012 MLS Cup Final would be his final game with the Galaxy despite having another year remaining on his contract?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham return to Old Trafford for the second leg of the tie on 10 March 2010?	Yes
WHAT	What has pledged his support for the Unite for Children?	Beckham has pledged his support for the Unite for Children
WHO	Who had assisted in three of England 's four total goals in those two games?	Beckham had assisted in three of England 's four total goals in those two games
YN	Did Beckham give a decent performance in right midfield alongside Pirlo?	Yes
WHO	Who injured his right knee?	Beckham injured his right knee
WHO	Who had begun to deteriorate?	Beckham had begun to deteriorate
WHAT	What deteriorated further on 15 February 2003?	his manager deteriorated further on 15 February 2003
YN	Did Forbes magazine report that he had been the party primarily responsible for the team's huge increase in merchandise sales?	Yes
WHAT	What attending included Steven Spielberg?	A-list celebrities attending included Steven Spielberg
WHO	Who signed as a professional on 23 January 1993?	Beckham signed as a professional on 23 January 1993
YN	Was Beckham's team-mate Gary Neville the best man?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham feature in EA Sports' FIFA video game series?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham given permission to miss training to look after his son Brooklyn?	Yes
WHAT	What had been banned for match-fixing?	numerous officials had been banned for match-fixing
WHAT	What alternative to Beckham?	the World Cup alternative to Beckham
YN	Has Beckham played 420 competitive games for England?	Yes
WHAT	What have included the men 's magazine Details?	U.S. covers have included the men 's magazine Details
WHO	Who playing in the centre of midfield?	Beckham playing in the centre of midfield
YN	Did Beckham also appear in a 2007 public service announcement for Malaria No More U.S?	Yes
WHO	Who was given permission to miss training to look after his son Brooklyn?	Beckham was given permission to miss training to look after his son Brooklyn
YN	Did Beckham also score in the shootout?	Yes
WHAT	What announced Beckham and a group of investors would own an expansion team in Miami?	MLS announced Beckham and a group of investors would own an expansion team in Miami
YN	Was Beckham recalled to the England squad by Capello for the friendly against France in Paris on 26 March?	Yes
WHAT	What was filled with paparazzi and news reporters?	Los Angeles International Airport was filled with paparazzi and news reporters
WHO	Who responded by raising his middle finger and?	Beckham responded by raising his middle finger and
YN	Was Beckham expected to return to L.A. in March?	Yes
WHAT	What appears as a projectionist in the Guy Ritchie-directed action film The Man from U.N.C.L.E.?	Beckham appears as a projectionist in the Guy Ritchie-directed action film The Man from U.N.C.L.E.
YN	Did Beckham appear on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on NBC in the U.S?	Yes
YN	Have Beckham's three sons all played football in the Arsenal Academy?	Yes
WHAT	What Illustrated was critical of the Argentinians ' theatrics in that incident?	Sports Illustrated was critical of the Argentinians ' theatrics in that incident
WHAT	What was the opt-out clause after the 2009 season?	Another provision was the opt-out clause after the 2009 season
YN	Did it later Beckham respond that protests are not his business?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham unable to regain his place on the Manchester United team?	Yes
WHO	Who was fouled eight yards outside the Greek penalty area?	When Teddy Sheringham was fouled eight yards outside the Greek penalty area
YN	Was Beckham born at Whipps Cross University Hospital in Leytonstone?	Yes
WHO	Who said Beckham could be recalled in future?	McClaren said Beckham could be recalled in future
YN	Was Beckham's arrival used as platform for entertainment industry endeavours?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham respond by raising his middle finger and?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham's Real Madrid teammate Roberto Carlos regard Beckham to be the best free-kick exponent he had ever seen?	Yes
WHAT	What were dubbed `` Posh and Becks '' by the media?	The couple were dubbed `` Posh and Becks '' by the media
WHO	Who became only the fifth Englishman to win 100 caps?	Beckham became only the fifth Englishman to win 100 caps
WHO	Who was visibly shaken and emotional for not being able to play?	Beckham was visibly shaken and emotional for not being able to play
YN	Did Beckham return to the pitch the following week?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham heavily linked with Paris Saint-Germain?	Yes
WHO	Who has already appeared on the covers of many magazines?	David has already appeared on the covers of many magazines
YN	Did Beckham play the entire fixture of Manchester United's 2–1 defeat?	Yes
YN	Do Beckham would also receive honors with the club's reserve-team?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham establish football academies in Los Angeles and east London and he was named a judge for the 2006 British Book Awards?	Yes
YN	Was Beckham getting back into Capello's good books after successfully fighting his way back into the first team?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham's professional club career begin with Manchester United?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham become only the fifth Englishman to win 100 caps?	Yes
WHO	Who made his first appearance for the England national football team on 1 September 1996?	Beckham made his first appearance for the England national football team on 1 September 1996
WHO	Who played in all of England 's matches at Euro 2004?	Beckham played in all of England 's matches at Euro 2004
YN	Did July 2007 Beckham sign a five-year contract with Major League Soccer club LA Galaxy?	Yes
YN	Had Beckham a total of 32 tattoos?	Yes
YN	Did Beckham visit Afghanistan in May 2010 for a morale-boosting visit to British troops fighting the Taliban insurgency?	Yes
WHAT	What include Armani?	Other endorsements include Armani
WHAT	What marked a turbulent time as club president elections were held?	The summer 2006 off-season marked a turbulent time as club president elections were held