WHAT	What is the most for any man representing a team from CONCACAF?	five World Cup goals is the most for any man representing a team from CONCACAF
WHO	Who expressed his desire to take a break from his professional soccer career?	Donovan expressed his desire to take a break from his professional soccer career
YN	Had Donovan a mixed year with the Galaxy in 2007?	Yes
YN	Do Donovan's playoff goals make him MLS' second all-time leading scorer in the playoffs with fourteen?	Yes
WHO	Who had a mixed year with the Galaxy in 2007?	Donovan had a mixed year with the Galaxy in 2007
YN	Did Donovan marry actress Bianca Kajlich on December 31?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan star in the U.S. team that reached the quarter-finals of the 2002 FIFA World Cup?	Yes
WHAT	What took place on 28 July 2015 at Commerce City?	The game took place on 28 July 2015 at Commerce City
WHO	Who scored the title-clinching goal in the 72nd minute over the Houston Dynamo?	Donovan scored the title-clinching goal in the 72nd minute over the Houston Dynamo
WHO	Who scored a goal in every game except for the final?	Donovan scored a goal in every game except for the final
WHO	Who scored the 100th goal of his MLS career?	Donovan scored the 100th goal of his MLS career
WHO	Who scored twice against the Philadelphia Union to break Cunningham 's record of 134?	Donovan scored twice against the Philadelphia Union to break Cunningham 's record of 134
WHO	Who scored the winning goal at the MLS All Star game?	Donovan scored the winning goal at the MLS All Star game
YN	Did Donovan score on a free kick?	Yes
WHO	Who is the only American player to reach the 50 goals/50 assists mark?	Donovan is the only American player to reach the 50 goals/50 assists mark
YN	Do Donovan would tally his first World Cup Finals goal in the 83rd minute of a 3–1 loss to Poland in the third match of the group stage?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan announce that he would be retiring at the end of the 2014 Major League Soccer season?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan attend the IMG Academy in Bradenton?	Yes
WHO	Who started and played 90 minutes in both games?	Donovan started and played 90 minutes in both games
WHO	Who is the all-time leader in scoring and assists?	Donovan is the all-time leader in scoring and assists
YN	Did Donovan score the winning goal at the MLS All Star game?	Yes
YN	Was Donovan included in the squad for the 2010 World Cup?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan lead a team of MLS academy graduates?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan relinquish his captaincy to the English superstar?	Yes
WHO	Who was six?	When Donovan was six
WHO	Who trained with Bayern Munich?	November 2008 Donovan trained with Bayern Munich
WHO	Who led a team of MLS academy graduates?	Donovan led a team of MLS academy graduates
YN	Was Donovan born on March 4?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan score the 100th goal of his MLS career?	Yes
WHO	Who was included in the squad for the 2010 World Cup?	Donovan was included in the squad for the 2010 World Cup
YN	Had Donovan eighty-four all-time regular season goals putting him in seventh place on the league's all-time scoring list?	Yes
YN	Did November 2008 Donovan train with Bayern Munich?	Yes
YN	Was Donovan a member of Cal Heat – a club based in nearby Rancho Cucamonga under coach Clint Greenwood?	Yes
WHO	Who has been open about dealing with depression throughout his life and career?	Donovan has been open about dealing with depression throughout his life and career
YN	Did Donovan return to training with the Galaxy on March 25?	Yes
WHAT	What was Donovan 's fifth in MLS Cup Finals?	The goal was Donovan 's fifth in MLS Cup Finals
YN	Did 2004 Donovan become the first man to be named U.S. Soccer Athletes of the Year three years in a row?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan convert a penalty kick in the 65th minute of play to give LA a 2–1 lead?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan make his returning debut for Everton on January 4?	Yes
YN	Was Donovan loaned to the San Jose Earthquakes of Major League Soccer for the 2001 season?	Yes
WHAT	What raised him and his siblings in Redlands?	His mother raised him and his siblings in Redlands
YN	Was Donovan recalled to the full national squad for the first time in over a year for the USA's September World Cup qualifying matches against Costa Rica and Mexico?	Yes
YN	Had Donovan appearances in five friendly matches?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan express his desire to take a break from his professional soccer career?	Yes
WHO	Who scored twelve league goals and eight assists?	Donovan scored twelve league goals and eight assists
WHO	Who returned to training with the Galaxy on March 25?	Donovan returned to training with the Galaxy on March 25
WHAT	What playing for the U-17 team?	his two years playing for the U-17 team
YN	Did Donovan assist in both goals in a 2–1 win over Fulham in the FA Cup Fourth round Proper?	Yes
YN	Did the Galaxy fail to make the playoffs and lost in the Open Cup to Chicago Fire?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan make his World Cup Finals debut in the 2002 World Cup starting in the shock upset of pre-tournament favorites Portugal?	Yes
WHO	Who is of Irish descent and his maternal grandmother is from County Kerry?	Donovan is of Irish descent and his maternal grandmother is from County Kerry
YN	Did Donovan enjoy an outstanding 2009 campaign?	Yes
YN	Was Donovan declared player of the tournament for his role in the United States U17 squad that finished fourth in the 1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship?	Yes
WHO	Who notched 7 goals and a team high 16 assists?	Donovan notched 7 goals and a team high 16 assists
WHO	Who earned Man of the Match for his actions?	Donovan earned Man of the Match for his actions
YN	Has joining the Galaxy Donovan resided in Manhattan Beach?	Yes
YN	Was Donovan re-called to the national team for the 2013 CONCACAF Gold Cup to be played in July?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan notch 7 goals and a team high 16 assists?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan score the title-clinching goal in the 72nd minute over the Houston Dynamo?	Yes
YN	Was Donovan named the MLS Cup MVP?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan score twelve league goals and eight assists?	Yes
WHAT	What had finished?	the 2009 MLS season had finished
YN	Did Donovan also score three goals in the Open Cup?	Yes
WHO	Who was born on March 4?	Donovan was born on March 4
YN	Is Donovan the only American player to reach the 50 goals/50 assists mark?	Yes
WHO	Who had appearances in five friendly matches?	Donovan had appearances in five friendly matches
YN	Was Donovan a member of the U.S. squad at the 2006 World Cup?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan reach 100 caps at the age of 26 on June 8?	Yes
YN	Did Landon Timothy Donovan (bear March 4?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan score on a penalty kick against Italy?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan score a goal in every game except for the final?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan score twice against the Philadelphia Union to break Cunningham's record of 134?	Yes
YN	Was Donovan a member of the inaugural class at U.S. Soccer's full-time residency program at the IMG Academy?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan earn Man of the Match for his actions?	Yes
YN	Was Donovan left off of the squad by Jürgen Klinsmann for the June qualifying games despite having returned to playing full-time in March?	Yes
WHO	Who scored his 35th international goal?	Donovan scored his 35th international goal
WHO	Who had traded away Donovan 's rights?	San Jose GM Alexi Lalas had traded away Donovan 's rights
YN	Did Donovan win a record six MLS Cups and is both the league's all-time top scorer with 144 goals and the league's all-time assists leader with 136?	Yes
WHO	Who was the top scorer?	Donovan was the top scorer
YN	Did Donovan receive praise and criticism for his critical comments about Beckham in Sports Illustrated journalist Grant Wahl's book The Beckham Experiment?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan score a penalty against Ghana as the U.S lost 2–1 after extra time and were eliminated from the competition?	Yes
WHAT	What needing a win over Mexico to clinch qualification?	the US needing a win over Mexico to clinch qualification
YN	Has Donovan been open about dealing with depression throughout his life and career?	Yes
WHO	Who was a member of the U.S. squad at the 2006 World Cup?	Donovan was a member of the U.S. squad at the 2006 World Cup
YN	Did Donovan score his 35th international goal?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan score a tap in goal off a low cross from Mix Diskerud to make the score 2–0?	Yes
YN	Did the 29th minute deflect in off Jorge Costa?	Yes
YN	Did following the season Donovan agree to a four-year extension to his contract with the Galaxy?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan captain the U.S. in the group stage of the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup due to Carlos Bocanegra's injury absence?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan later sign with the German team Bayer Leverkusen?	Yes
WHO	Who attended the IMG Academy in Bradenton?	Donovan attended the IMG Academy in Bradenton
WHO	Who declined to extend his loan?	Bayern declined to extend his loan
WHO	Who had immediate success?	Donovan had immediate success
WHO	Who signed a six-year contract for German club Bayer Leverkusen?	1999 Donovan signed a six-year contract for German club Bayer Leverkusen
YN	Was Donovan controversially left off of the US national team roster by Jürgen Klinsmann for the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil?	Yes
YN	Is Donovan the all-time leader in scoring and assists?	Yes
WHO	Who relinquished his captaincy to the English superstar?	Donovan relinquished his captaincy to the English superstar
WHO	Who was named the MLS Cup MVP?	Donovan was named the MLS Cup MVP
WHO	Who married actress Bianca Kajlich on December 31?	Donovan married actress Bianca Kajlich on December 31
WHAT	What was a disappointment for the Galaxy?	the 2008 season was a disappointment for the Galaxy
YN	Had Donovan trouble `` adapting to the German culture '' and spent much of his time in the U.S. training with the United States U-17 National Team?	Yes
WHAT	What made Donovan the highest scoring American man in World Cup history?	the 2010 World Cup made Donovan the highest scoring American man in World Cup history
YN	Is Donovan of Irish descent and his maternal grandmother is from County Kerry?	Yes
WHO	Who were keen on extending his loan deal?	Everton were keen on extending his loan deal
YN	Did 1999 Donovan sign a six-year contract for German club Bayer Leverkusen?	Yes
YN	Did Donovan take his tally of assists to 7?	Yes
WHAT	What respected his wishes?	Bayer Leverkusen officials respected his wishes
YN	Did Donovan start and played 90 minutes in both games?	Yes