WHAT	What ended in a draw after a penalty from Messi?	16 April ended in a draw after a penalty from Messi
WHO	Who collected the ball on the right side near the halfway line?	Messi collected the ball on the right side near the halfway line
WHO	Who requested to loan Messi?	Capello requested to loan Messi
YN	Did Messi confirm on Facebook that they were expecting another child?	Yes
WHO	Who netted a total of 12 goals in nine games for Argentina in 2012?	Messi netted a total of 12 goals in nine games for Argentina in 2012
WHO	Who was the face of Konami 's video game series Pro Evolution Soccer?	Messi was the face of Konami 's video game series Pro Evolution Soccer
YN	Has Messi also invested in youth football in Argentina?	Yes
WHO	Who was given the number 10 shirt?	Messi was given the number 10 shirt
YN	Did Messi suffer his fifth injury that year?	Yes
YN	Does Messi enjoy a close relationship with his immediate family members?	Yes
YN	Did Messi again win the FIFA Ballon d'Or?	Yes
YN	Had they secured their place in the knockout phase?	Yes
YN	Was Messi allowed to start the game on the condition that he wear a plastic protector?	Yes
YN	Was Messi finally enrolled in the Spanish Football Federation in February 2002?	Yes
YN	Did Messi make his senior debut for Argentina?	Yes
WHO	Who had scored an unprecedented 91 goals in all competitions for Barcelona and Argentina?	Messi had scored an unprecedented 91 goals in all competitions for Barcelona and Argentina
YN	Was Messi the world's highest-paid footballer for five years out of six between 2009 and 2014?	Yes
YN	Does Messi face Ronaldo at least twice every season in El Clásico?	Yes
WHAT	What drew comparisons with compatriot Diego Maradona?	left-footed dribbler drew comparisons with compatriot Diego Maradona
YN	Did Messi score two goals and assisted two more to ensure a 4–0 quarter-final victory over Bayern Munich?	Yes
YN	Did Messi score all four goals before approaching the bench to embrace Guardiola?	Yes
YN	Has Messi been involved in charitable efforts aimed at vulnerable children?	Yes
WHO	Who has similarly played anywhere along the frontline?	Messi has similarly played anywhere along the frontline
WHO	Who had won his first Ballon d'Or by a record margin?	Messi had won his first Ballon d'Or by a record margin
YN	Did Messi assist a late goal in extra time to ensure a 1–0 win against Switzerland in the round of 16?	Yes
WHAT	What are largely run as a family business?	His professional affairs are largely run as a family business
YN	Was Messi the subject of far harsher judgement?	Yes
WHO	Who has at times denied any rivalry?	Messi has at times denied any rivalry
YN	Did the trio score a total of 122 goals in all competitions that season?	Yes
YN	Was Messi the league's top assist provider with 18 assists?	Yes
YN	Was Messi eligible to play for the national team of both countries?	Yes
YN	Did Messi miss the start of La Liga?	Yes
YN	Did Messi score a record 53 goals during the 2010–11 club season?	Yes
YN	Was Messi given the number 10 shirt?	Yes
YN	Did Messi continue his individual rise?	Yes
YN	Was Messi rested during the game against Serbia?	Yes
YN	Did Messi establish himself among the world's best players before age 20?	Yes
YN	Does which he engage in a selfie competition with Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant?	Yes
YN	Is Messi most often compared and contrasted with Portuguese forward Cristiano Ronaldo?	Yes
WHAT	What was secured?	their progression to the knockout phase was secured
WHO	Who was supposedly used to shield earnings from Spanish income tax between 2007 and 2009?	Belize was supposedly used to shield earnings from Spanish income tax between 2007 and 2009
YN	Did Messi net a total of 12 goals in nine games for Argentina in 2012?	Yes
YN	Did Messi sign a new contract on 7 February?	Yes
YN	Has Messi similarly played anywhere along the frontline?	Yes
YN	Did Messi then score twice as Barcelona defeated Athletic Bilbao 3–1 in the Copa del Rey final on 30 May?	Yes
WHO	Who plays in a free attacking role?	Messi plays in a free attacking role
YN	Did Messi continue to struggle with injury throughout 2013?	Yes
WHAT	What had relatives in Catalonia?	the Messi family had relatives in Catalonia
YN	Was Messi rested during the second leg against Getafe and lost the league to Real Madrid on goal average?	Yes
WHO	Who won the FIFA Ballon d'Or for a record fifth time in his career?	Messi won the FIFA Ballon d'Or for a record fifth time in his career
YN	Did Messi work to regain fitness in time for the Champions League final?	Yes
YN	Did Messi score only one goal?	Yes
YN	Did Messi regain his best form during the 2014–15 campaign?	Yes
YN	Had Messi started the play that led to a goal?	Yes
WHO	Who made his league debut during the next match on 16 October?	Messi made his league debut during the next match on 16 October
WHO	Who were in need of an overhaul?	Barcelona were in need of an overhaul
WHO	Who had started the play that led to a goal?	Messi had started the play that led to a goal
WHO	Who was criticised for his strategic decisions as he played Messi out of position?	Maradona was criticised for his strategic decisions as he played Messi out of position
WHO	Who sustained an injury in Barcelona 's match against Las Palmas?	Messi sustained an injury in Barcelona 's match against Las Palmas
YN	Did Messi secure their first trophy of the 2010–11 campaign?	Yes
WHAT	What did not acknowledge the achievement?	FIFA did not acknowledge the achievement
YN	Is Messi generally held in lesser esteem than Maradona?	Yes
YN	Was Messi diagnosed with a growth hormone deficiency as a child?	Yes
YN	Did Messi again place second in the FIFA Ballon d'Or behind Cristiano Ronaldo?	Yes
YN	Is Messi predominantly a left-footed player?	Yes
WHAT	What had increased exponentially?	the team 's attack had increased exponentially
YN	Were the younger Messi's appeals pleading ignorance twice rejected in court?	Yes
YN	Did Messi's father Jorge come under investigation in 2013 for allegedly initiating the tax evasion of €4.1 million relating to his son's image rights?	Yes
WHO	Who has been involved in charitable efforts aimed at vulnerable children?	Messi has been involved in charitable efforts aimed at vulnerable children
YN	Is `` Messi Maradona every day?	Yes
WHO	Who made his competitive debut aged 17 in October 2004?	Messi made his competitive debut aged 17 in October 2004
YN	Did Messi become the youngest Argentine to play and score in a FIFA World Cup during the 2006 edition?	Yes
WHAT	What enjoys a close relationship with his immediate family members?	Messi enjoys a close relationship with his immediate family members
WHO	Who scored all four goals before approaching the bench to embrace Guardiola?	Messi scored all four goals before approaching the bench to embrace Guardiola
WHAT	What was the playmaker behind two strikers?	childhood was the playmaker behind two strikers
YN	Did Messi start his first game in the next qualifying match against Peru?	Yes
WHO	Who has awarded research grants?	Messi has awarded research grants
WHAT	What was guaranteed?	the knockout phase was guaranteed
WHAT	What regarding his legal status in the Spanish Football Federation?	Due to issues regarding his legal status in the Spanish Football Federation
YN	Did Messi sign a new contract on 19 May 2014?	Yes
YN	Did Messi help the team achieve 16 consecutive league victories?	Yes
YN	Did Messi open the 2015–16 season by scoring twice?	Yes
WHAT	What was updated for the second time in three months and extended to 2014?	his contract was updated for the second time in three months and extended to 2014
WHAT	What was born in Barcelona on 2 November 2012?	Thiago was born in Barcelona on 2 November 2012
WHAT	What drew criticism due to his lack of goals in the knockout round?	his selection drew criticism due to his lack of goals in the knockout round
YN	Did Messi then help the team secure their place in the 2014 FIFA World Cup with a 5–2 victory over Paraguay on 10 September 2013?	Yes
YN	Did Messi rarely play with the Infantiles due to a transfer conflict with Newell's?	Yes
YN	Did Messi finish the competition as the joint top scorer?	Yes
WHAT	What had dropped significantly compared to previous seasons?	passes had dropped significantly compared to previous seasons
YN	Was Messi permitted to join Sergio Batista's Under-23 squad in Beijing?	Yes
YN	Did Messi witness their opening match victory against Ivory Coast from the substitutes' bench?	Yes
YN	Was Lionel Andrés Messi born on 24 June 1987 in Rosario?	Yes
YN	Did Messi sustain an injury in Barcelona's match against Las Palmas?	Yes
WHO	Who was replaced by Sergio Batista?	Maradona was replaced by Sergio Batista
WHO	Who played mainly on the right wing?	Messi played mainly on the right wing
YN	Had Messi scored an unprecedented 91 goals in all competitions for Barcelona and Argentina?	Yes
WHO	Who was finally enrolled in the Spanish Football Federation in February 2002?	Messi was finally enrolled in the Spanish Football Federation in February 2002
YN	Did Messi evolve into one of the best players in the world?	Yes
YN	Did Messi finish the campaign with his worst output in five seasons?	Yes
WHO	Who had fielded him despite warning from the medical staff?	Rijkaard had fielded him despite warning from the medical staff
YN	Has Messi represented his country in six major tournaments?	Yes
WHO	Who has represented his country in six major tournaments?	Messi has represented his country in six major tournaments
WHAT	What increased towards the end of the season?	his goal contribution increased towards the end of the season
YN	Had the Messi family relatives in Catalonia?	Yes
YN	Does his foundation receive financial support from various companies to which he has assigned his name in endorsement agreements?	Yes
WHO	Who finished the season without trophies?	Barcelona finished the season without trophies
WHO	Who established himself as their leading brand endorser?	Messi established himself as their leading brand endorser
YN	Did Messi first confirm their romance in an interview in January 2009?	Yes
YN	Did Messi go on to lead his squad by example as their best player?	Yes
WHAT	What has been based exclusively on his talents and achievements as a player?	Messi 's marketing brand has been based exclusively on his talents and achievements as a player
WHAT	What was threatened?	a professional player was threatened
YN	Did Messi establish himself as their leading brand endorser?	Yes
YN	Did Messi place the ball under his shirt after scoring in Argentina's 4–0 win against Ecuador on 2 June 2012?	Yes
WHAT	What are well documented?	influence are well documented
WHO	Who continued his individual rise?	Messi continued his individual rise
YN	Did Messi score four goals in 18 appearances during the qualifying process?	Yes
WHAT	What experienced a three-year period marked by poor performances?	the national team experienced a three-year period marked by poor performances
YN	Is Messi also a global brand ambassador for Gillette?	Yes
YN	Had Messi won his first Ballon d'Or by a record margin?	Yes
WHO	Who was the league 's top assist provider with 18 assists?	Messi was the league 's top assist provider with 18 assists
YN	Did Messi resume playing as a false nine in early 2010?	Yes
YN	Was Messi reportedly found weeping in the dressing room after his sending-off?	Yes
WHO	Who is his direct competitor in terms of salary?	Ronaldo is his direct competitor in terms of salary
WHO	Who made his senior debut for Argentina?	Messi made his senior debut for Argentina
WHO	Who evolved from the team 's symbolic captain into a genuine leader?	Messi evolved from the team 's symbolic captain into a genuine leader
WHO	Who scored four goals in 18 appearances during the qualifying process?	Messi scored four goals in 18 appearances during the qualifying process
WHAT	What came in a friendly against Switzerland on 29 February 2012?	the Albicelestes came in a friendly against Switzerland on 29 February 2012
WHO	Who witnessed their opening match victory against Ivory Coast from the substitutes ' bench?	Messi witnessed their opening match victory against Ivory Coast from the substitutes ' bench
WHAT	What is also a global brand ambassador for Gillette?	Messi is also a global brand ambassador for Gillette
YN	Did Messi evolve from the team's symbolic captain into a genuine leader?	Yes
YN	Has Messi's marketing brand been based exclusively on his talents and achievements as a player?	Yes
YN	Has Messi at times denied any rivalry?	Yes
YN	Is Messi the only football player in history to win the FIFA Ballon d'Or five times?	Yes
WHAT	What was a hat-trick scored in 11 minutes against Rayo Vallecano on 8 March?	season was a hat-trick scored in 11 minutes against Rayo Vallecano on 8 March
WHAT	What covered only two years of growth hormone treatment?	his father 's health insurance covered only two years of growth hormone treatment
YN	Did Messi assist the only goal in the final as Argentina defeated Nigeria to claim Olympic gold medals?	Yes
WHO	Who employed a personal trainer to increase his muscle mass?	Messi employed a personal trainer to increase his muscle mass
WHAT	What remained his frequent muscular injuries?	a major concern remained his frequent muscular injuries
YN	Was Messi familiar to 87% of respondents around the world?	Yes
YN	Did Messi excel as playmaker as he provided three assists and helped create three more goals in his side's 6–1 victory over Paraguay?	Yes
YN	Did Messi join Barcelona C in addition to the Juveniles A?	Yes
YN	Did Messi experience a largely injury-free start to the 2014–15 season?	Yes
YN	Did Messi play mainly on the right wing?	Yes
YN	Did Messi maintain his goalscoring form into the second half of the season?	Yes
YN	Has Messi served as a UNICEF goodwill ambassador since his appointment in March 2010?	Yes
WHO	Who founded his own charitable organisation?	Messi founded his own charitable organisation
YN	Did Messi cap off the year by opening the scoring in the 36th minute of the 2015 FIFA Club World Cup Final on 20 December?	Yes
YN	Did Messi found his own charitable organisation?	Yes
YN	Did Messi earn his hundredth cap for his country in the final group match?	Yes
WHAT	What drew comparisons with compatriot Diego Maradona?	His performances drew comparisons with compatriot Diego Maradona
WHO	Who joined the Rosario club?	Messi joined the Rosario club
YN	Does Messi play in a free attacking role?	Yes
WHAT	What was his then-manager?	An early proponent was his then-manager
YN	Did Messi finally end his goal draught by scoring during their first World Cup qualifying match against Chile on 7 October?	Yes
WHAT	What scored a total of 122 goals in all competitions that season?	the trio scored a total of 122 goals in all competitions that season
WHO	Who signed his first contract as a senior team player?	Messi signed his first contract as a senior team player
WHAT	What came two months later?	His breakthrough came two months later
WHAT	What has served as a UNICEF goodwill ambassador since his appointment in March 2010?	Messi has served as a UNICEF goodwill ambassador since his appointment in March 2010
YN	Do [ ljoˈnel anˈdɾes ˈmesi ]?	Yes
YN	Had Messi returned to his old position on the right wing late the previous year?	Yes
WHAT	What gave credence to the notion of Messidependencia?	These matches gave credence to the notion of Messidependencia
WHAT	What deemed Jorge solely responsible for the scheme?	the public prosecutor deemed Jorge solely responsible for the scheme
WHO	Who confirmed on Facebook that they were expecting another child?	Messi confirmed on Facebook that they were expecting another child
YN	Did Messi win the Ballon d'Or and the FIFA World Player of the Year award?	Yes
WHO	Who remained virtually injury-free during the next four years?	Messi remained virtually injury-free during the next four years
YN	Did Messi make his competitive debut aged 17 in October 2004?	Yes
WHO	Who selected `` The Final Game ''?	World Press Photo selected `` The Final Game ''
YN	Did premier at the Venice Film Festival in August 2014?	Yes
YN	Did Messi become the top goalscorer in Barcelona's history at 24 years old?	Yes
WHO	Who is known for his finishing?	Messi is known for his finishing
YN	Did Messi score on his 500th appearance for Barcelona?	Yes
YN	Does Messi hold the Guinness World Records titles for most goals scored in La Liga (296)?	Yes
YN	Did Messi employ a personal trainer to increase his muscle mass?	Yes
WHAT	What began pursuing him in 2003 after Barcelona 's director of football?	Spain 's Under-17 squad began pursuing him in 2003 after Barcelona 's director of football
YN	Did Messi join the Rosario club?	Yes
WHO	Who won the Ballon d'Or and the FIFA World Player of the Year award?	Messi won the Ballon d'Or and the FIFA World Player of the Year award
WHAT	What relocated to Barcelona?	the family relocated to Barcelona
YN	Is Messi in some ways the antithesis of his predecessor?	Yes
WHO	Who finished the campaign with his worst output in five seasons?	Messi finished the campaign with his worst output in five seasons
YN	Did Messi develop into a combination of a number eight (a creator)?	Yes
WHO	Who has a lower centre of gravity than taller players?	Messi has a lower centre of gravity than taller players
WHO	Who is generally held in lesser esteem than Maradona?	Messi is generally held in lesser esteem than Maradona
YN	Did Messi score the only goal in a 1–0 win over Atlético Madrid on 17 May?	Yes
WHAT	What has also invested in youth football in Argentina?	Messi has also invested in youth football in Argentina
WHAT	What are tattooed on his left calf?	handprints are tattooed on his left calf
YN	Has Messi been compared with his compatriot Diego Maradona?	Yes
WHO	Who established himself among the world 's best players before age 20?	Messi established himself among the world 's best players before age 20
WHO	Who was reportedly found weeping in the dressing room after his sending-off?	Messi was reportedly found weeping in the dressing room after his sending-off
YN	Did Messi play below his standards?	Yes
YN	Did Messi win the FIFA Ballon d'Or for a record fifth time in his career?	Yes
WHO	Who were perceived to be headed for another disappointing end to the season?	Barcelona were perceived to be headed for another disappointing end to the season
WHO	Who declined the offer?	Messi declined the offer
WHO	Who worked to regain fitness in time for the Champions League final?	Messi worked to regain fitness in time for the Champions League final
YN	Did Messi score two goals and assisted the other two in a 4–1 derby win over Espanyol at the Camp Nou?	Yes
WHO	Who awarded the 24-year-old Messi the captaincy of the squad?	Sabella awarded the 24-year-old Messi the captaincy of the squad
YN	Was Messi consequently booed by his own team's supporters for the first time in his career?	Yes
YN	Was Messi the face of Konami's video game series Pro Evolution Soccer?	Yes
WHO	Who had virtually secured their La Liga title by the start of 2013?	Barcelona had virtually secured their La Liga title by the start of 2013
WHAT	What have two sons?	Roccuzzo have two sons
WHO	Who has been compared with his compatriot Diego Maradona?	Messi has been compared with his compatriot Diego Maradona
WHAT	What were considered title contenders at the World Cup in South Africa?	Argentina were considered title contenders at the World Cup in South Africa
WHO	Who was awarded the Golden Ball as the best player of the tournament?	Messi was awarded the Golden Ball as the best player of the tournament
YN	Is Messi known for his finishing?	Yes
YN	Was Messi widely considered one of the best players in history?	Yes
YN	Did Messi win the Ballon d'Or and FIFA World Player of the Year award by record voting margins?	Yes
YN	Did follow in the 2015 Copa América?	Yes
YN	Has Messi a lower centre of gravity than taller players?	Yes
YN	Did Messi score twice and assisted on another in their 3–0 semi-final victory over Bayern Munich?	Yes
YN	Was Messi then one of several youth players called up to strengthen a depleted first team during the international break?	Yes
WHO	Who continued to struggle with injury throughout 2013?	Messi continued to struggle with injury throughout 2013
YN	Was Messi singled out by FIFA as the stand-out player from the tournament's best team?	Yes
YN	Has Messi maintained close ties to his hometown of Rosario?	Yes
YN	Was Messi awarded the Golden Ball as the best player of the tournament?	Yes
WHAT	What have illustrated Messi 's presence in popular culture?	Other events have illustrated Messi 's presence in popular culture
YN	Did Messi remain virtually injury-free during the next four years?	Yes
WHO	Who was the subject of far harsher judgement?	Messi was the subject of far harsher judgement
WHAT	What is in some ways the antithesis of his predecessor?	Messi is in some ways the antithesis of his predecessor
YN	Did Messi consequently start the game against the Netherlands?	Yes
WHAT	What is among the largest of all public figures?	the social media website Facebook is among the largest of all public figures
WHAT	What was issued for Barcelona to prove their commitment?	an ultimatum was issued for Barcelona to prove their commitment
WHO	Who maintained his goalscoring form into the second half of the season?	Messi maintained his goalscoring form into the second half of the season
YN	Was Messi a guaranteed starter for the B team?	Yes
YN	Did Messi score a total of 47 goals in all competitions that season?	Yes
YN	Did Messi sign his first contract as a senior team player?	Yes
YN	Did Messi rapidly progress through the club's ranks?	Yes
WHAT	What persisted over Messi 's form?	doubts persisted over Messi 's form
YN	Did Messi make his league debut during the next match on 16 October?	Yes
YN	Did Messi come off the bench in the second half and within nine minutes helped create their game-tying goal?	Yes
YN	Did Messi collect the ball on the right side near the halfway line?	Yes
YN	Did Messi give a man-of-the-match performance at Wembley on 28 May?	Yes
WHO	Who visited Messi in Barcelona to request his tactical input?	Maradona visited Messi in Barcelona to request his tactical input