YN	Did Dempsey go for a trial at ŁKS Łomża?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey also become the first American player to score in three consecutive World Cups?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey finish fourth on the FWA Footballer of the Year list behind the winner?	Yes
YN	Does the video end with a shot of him placing a flower at her grave?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey break his own fastest-goal record in World Cup qualifying on September 7?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey play a key role in helping the United States advance to the final?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey score his fifth Premier League goal of the campaign with a header in a 2–0 home win against Bolton on December 17?	Yes
WHAT	What gave Dempsey three in as many games?	These goals gave Dempsey three in as many games
YN	Did Dempsey score the lone goal in an international friendly win against four-time World champion Italy?	Yes
WHAT	What was made by Fulham FC?	no announcement was made by Fulham FC
YN	Did Dempsey score both U.S. goals in a 2–1 group stage win over Honduras at the Toyota Stadium in his native Texas?	Yes
WHO	Who lost his then 16-year-old sister Jennifer to a brain aneurysm?	Dempsey lost his then 16-year-old sister Jennifer to a brain aneurysm
WHAT	What is hip hop music?	soccer is hip hop music
YN	Did Dempsey become the first USA player to score 10 goals in a Premier League season?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey score to put the USA up 2–0 to send them to the finals?	Yes
WHO	Who maintained these ties playing in a local Mexican-dominated adult league?	Dempsey maintained these ties playing in a local Mexican-dominated adult league
WHO	Who gave Michael Bradley the captain 's armband?	Jurgen Klinsmann gave Michael Bradley the captain 's armband
WHAT	What is a fan of the NFL 's Houston Texans?	Dempsey is a fan of the NFL 's Houston Texans
YN	Was Dempsey devastated with the family's loss and later explained that this event helped him develop a deeper motivation to pursue soccer in honor of his sister?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey notch his fourth World Cup goal in a 2–2 draw?	Yes
YN	Does feature on the cover of EA Sports' multi-platform video game FIFA 15 in the US & Canada?	Yes
WHO	Who assisted on the goal?	Jozy Altidore assisted on the goal
WHO	Who offered MLS $ 4 million for the transfer of Dempsey?	English club Fulham offered MLS $ 4 million for the transfer of Dempsey
WHO	Who was named to the US roster for the 2006 World Cup in Germany?	Dempsey was named to the US roster for the 2006 World Cup in Germany
YN	Was Dempsey named to the US roster for the 2006 World Cup in Germany?	Yes
WHAT	What propelled Dempsey to become the most prolific USA goalscorer in the Premier League?	The goal propelled Dempsey to become the most prolific USA goalscorer in the Premier League
YN	Did Dempsey's disallow goal later in the tournament against Algeria in the group stage was very controversial?	Yes
WHO	Who contributed ten goals and nine assists in 26 games?	Dempsey contributed ten goals and nine assists in 26 games
YN	Did Dempsey score his fourteenth and fifteenth Premier League goals of the campaign?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey score a looping header against Leeds United at Elland Road?	Yes
WHO	Who was born in Nacogdoches?	Dempsey was born in Nacogdoches
YN	Did Dempsey play for one of the top youth soccer clubs in the state?	Yes
YN	Was Dempsey able to salvage a dramatic 1–1 draw for Spurs by slotting home a pass from Aaron Lennon in the 93rd minute?	Yes
YN	Was Dempsey on the substitutes' bench for Fulham's first two away games of 2010–11?	Yes
YN	Has Dempsey frequently lined up as a striker due to his scoring threat and aerial ability?	Yes
YN	Was Dempsey named as captain of the 23 man United States squad ahead of the FIFA World Cup?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey replace Bobby Zamora in the 55th minute of the 2010 UEFA Europa League Final?	Yes
WHO	Who signed a contract extension to remain with Fulham through 2013?	Dempsey signed a contract extension to remain with Fulham through 2013
WHO	Who finished fourth on the FWA Footballer of the Year list behind the winner?	Dempsey finished fourth on the FWA Footballer of the Year list behind the winner
YN	Did Dempsey sign a contract extension to remain with Fulham through 2013?	Yes
YN	Do good form saw Dempsey play higher-up the field into an orthodox striker position?	Yes
YN	Was Dempsey also present as the United States defended their title at the 2007 Gold Cup?	Yes
WHO	Who added 8 more goals?	Dempsey added 8 more goals
YN	Did Dempsey score a brace in the first leg of Fulham's 2011–12 Europa League play-off clash against Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk at Craven Cottage?	Yes
YN	Was Dempsey given the captain's armband by Jürgen Klinsmann for the important World Cup qualifying matches versus Costa Rica and Mexico?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey play for Premier League team Fulham and is the club's highest Premier League goalscorer of all time?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey record the then fastest goal in US qualifying history with a chest trap and sliding shot 53 seconds into an 8–0 defeat of Barbados?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey score his 29th and 30th international goal?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey score his 10th Premier League goal of the season?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey add 8 more goals?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey score the first FA Cup goal of his career in a 2–1 home win over Swansea City in the fifth-round?	Yes
YN	Did Fulham manager Martin Jol reveal that the club had opened talks with the North American over a new three-year contract?	Yes
WHO	Who came off the bench against Juventus in their second-leg?	Dempsey came off the bench against Juventus in their second-leg
YN	Was Dempsey voted Fulham player of the season for 2010–11 by the Fulham fans?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey become the first American player to score a hat-trick in the English Premier League?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey score a trademark diving header off a Jonathan Spector cross?	Yes
WHAT	What offered to assist the Dempseys with expenses and travel?	the Texans offered to assist the Dempseys with expenses and travel
YN	Did Dempsey score another double versus Stoke City?	Yes
WHAT	What is dedicated to his sister Jennifer?	The song 's video is dedicated to his sister Jennifer
WHO	Who scored another double versus Stoke City?	Dempsey scored another double versus Stoke City
WHO	Who studied the play of Argentina 's national team?	Dempsey studied the play of Argentina 's national team
WHAT	What ends with a shot of him placing a flower at her grave?	the video ends with a shot of him placing a flower at her grave
YN	Did Dempsey study the play of Argentina's national team?	Yes
YN	Is Dempsey of Irish descent on his father's side?	Yes
YN	Was Dempsey involved in an aerial collision with John Terry during a 0–0 draw at Stamford Bridge which resulted in Terry being substituted?	Yes
WHO	Who had made a return to form?	Dempsey had made a return to form
YN	Did a sliding touch Dempsey redirect Landon Donovan's pass into the net?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey score his first goal for Fulham on 5 May?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey first represent the United States at the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship and made his first appearance with the senior team on November 17?	Yes
WHAT	What play higher-up the field into an orthodox striker position?	good form saw Dempsey play higher-up the field into an orthodox striker position
WHAT	What is of Irish descent on his father 's side?	Dempsey is of Irish descent on his father 's side
WHAT	What made Dempsey the highest salaried US soccer player of all time?	The deal made Dempsey the highest salaried US soccer player of all time
WHAT	What were his 34th and 35th overall for the national team?	The goals were his 34th and 35th overall for the national team
WHAT	What was his fourth in four appearances in 2013?	The goal was his fourth in four appearances in 2013
WHO	Who was offered a tryout for the Dallas Texans?	His older brother Ryan was offered a tryout for the Dallas Texans
YN	Did Dempsey come off the bench against Juventus in their second-leg?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey turn his fortunes around in the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey become the first USA player to reach the milestone of fifty goals in the Premier League?	Yes
YN	Was Dempsey not in the starting XI for the first three matches of the 2007–08 season?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey suffer a suspected cruciate knee ligament injury in a 2–0 away defeat to Blackburn Rovers?	Yes
YN	Was Dempsey sent off for ripping up referee Daniel Radford's notebook in protest at the dismissal of Michael Azira?	Yes
YN	Was Dempsey unable to make an impression against his old club on March 17?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey score in the 85th minute to secure a 1–0 win against Liverpool at Craven Cottage?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey enter the match as a 34th-minute substitute after Obafemi Martins came off with an ankle injury?	Yes
YN	Did Clint Dempsey break Fulham's Premier League goalscoring record by netting twice in a 3–0 victory over Bolton on April 27?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey become the second American (after Brian McBride) to score in more than one World Cup?	Yes
YN	Was Dempsey voted the Fulham 'Player of the Season' by fans for the second consecutive season?	Yes
WHAT	What helped Fulham secure a seventh-place finish in the Premier League?	These goals helped Fulham secure a seventh-place finish in the Premier League
WHO	Who scored in his third straight game in the Confederations Cup Final against Brazil?	Dempsey scored in his third straight game in the Confederations Cup Final against Brazil
YN	Did Dempsey make his league debut for Seattle on August 10?	Yes
WHO	Who was called offside?	Dempsey was called offside
YN	Is Dempsey a fan of the NFL's Houston Texans?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey score two goals against Germany in a 4–3 win?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey score the equalizing goal as the game ended in a 1–1 draw?	Yes
WHO	Who replaced Bobby Zamora in the 55th minute of the 2010 UEFA Europa League Final?	Dempsey replaced Bobby Zamora in the 55th minute of the 2010 UEFA Europa League Final
YN	Did Dempsey score in his third straight game in the Confederations Cup Final against Brazil?	Yes
WHO	Who played a key role in helping the United States advance to the final?	Dempsey played a key role in helping the United States advance to the final
YN	Did Dempsey help the Revolution to the Eastern Conference Finals and earned 2004 MLS Rookie of the Year Honors?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey score during Fulham's 3–1 home win over Reading to secure just a second league win of the season?	Yes
YN	Did Clinton Drew `` Clint '' Dempsey /ˈdɛmpsi/ (bear March 9?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey become the 14th American to reach 100 caps on September 6?	Yes
WHO	Who turned his fortunes around in the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup?	Dempsey turned his fortunes around in the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup
WHO	Who was drafted by Major League Soccer club New England Revolution?	Dempsey was drafted by Major League Soccer club New England Revolution
YN	Did Dempsey score his first and the eventual match-winning goal for Tottenham in a 3–2 win over Manchester United?	Yes
WHO	Who scored the lone goal in an international friendly win against four-time World champion Italy?	Dempsey scored the lone goal in an international friendly win against four-time World champion Italy
WHO	Who confirmed Dempsey 's transfer to Tottenham Hotspur?	Fulham confirmed Dempsey 's transfer to Tottenham Hotspur
WHO	Who received 237 points in voting by 207 sports journalists to claim the award?	Dempsey received 237 points in voting by 207 sports journalists to claim the award
YN	Is Dempsey married to Bethany Keegan Dempsey?	Yes
WHO	Who scored his 29th and 30th international goal?	Dempsey scored his 29th and 30th international goal
YN	Did Dempsey score two goals against FC Basel in the second leg of the Europa League quarter-finals to send the match into extra time?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey score the first of three goals for Tottenham in a 3–1 win over Manchester City at White Hart Lane?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey join Tottenham Hotspur on a three-year contract for a fee believed to be in the region of $ 9 million?	Yes
YN	Was Dempsey drafted by Major League Soccer club New England Revolution?	Yes
WHAT	What is a Roman Catholic?	Dempsey is a Roman Catholic
YN	Did Dempsey sign with MLS club Seattle Sounders FC as a Designated Player on a four-year contract?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey receive 237 points in voting by 207 sports journalists to claim the award?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey end with two goals as Fulham ran out 3–0 winners?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey lose his then 16-year-old sister Jennifer to a brain aneurysm?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey go on to suffer a broken nose midway through the first half as the United States defeated Ghana 2–1?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey end as Fulham's top Premier League goalscorer joint with Andrew Johnson with seven goals?	Yes
WHAT	What is married to Bethany Keegan Dempsey?	Dempsey is married to Bethany Keegan Dempsey
YN	Had Dempsey made a return to form?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey contribute ten goals and nine assists in 26 games?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey first play for the United States national team at the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship in the United Arab Emirates?	Yes
YN	Did Dempsey experience a dip in form leading some to doubt his first-choice status with the national team?	Yes
WHAT	What selected Clint Dempsey eighth overall in the 2004 MLS SuperDraft?	New England Revolution selected Clint Dempsey eighth overall in the 2004 MLS SuperDraft
YN	Did Dempsey maintain these ties playing in a local Mexican-dominated adult league?	Yes
YN	Was Dempsey's first international tournament the United States' victorious 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup campaign?	Yes