YN	Did Ronaldo score two goals against Schalke 04 in the second leg of the Champions League's round-of–16?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo third in the 2010–11 UEFA Best Player in Europe Award?	Yes
WHO	Who was named best forward and player of the tournament?	Ronaldo was named best forward and player of the tournament
YN	Was Ronaldo the face of Konami's video games Pro Evolution Soccer 2008?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo's 31 goal haul rewarded with his becoming the first winger to win the 2007–08 European Golden Shoe?	Yes
YN	Did a tearful Ronaldo describe receiving the accolade as `` no words to describe this moment '' and `` it's hard to win this award ''?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo booed during Portugal's 1–0 semi-final defeat to France?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score a hat-trick in a 7–0 trashing of Málaga?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo become the fourth footballer – after Steven Gerrard?	Yes
WHAT	What has previously dated English models Alice Goodwin and Gemma Atkinson?	Ronaldo has previously dated English models Alice Goodwin and Gemma Atkinson
WHO	Who was substituted with 10 minutes to play due to a thigh injury?	Ronaldo was substituted with 10 minutes to play due to a thigh injury
WHO	Who had several chances?	Ronaldo had several chances
WHO	Who scored another hat-trick against Sevilla?	Ronaldo scored another hat-trick against Sevilla
YN	Did Ronaldo develop into more of a team player?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo second (tied with Lionel Messi) in the 2011–12 UEFA Best Player in Europe Award with 17 votes?	Yes
WHO	Who had occasionally been criticised for being a `` selfish '' or overly flamboyant player?	Ronaldo had occasionally been criticised for being a `` selfish '' or overly flamboyant player
YN	Did Ronaldo admit that he was missing the English Premier League?	Yes
YN	Did 7 May Ronaldo score four goals in a 6–2 victory against Sevilla?	Yes
YN	Had his seventh-minute penalty meant Ronaldo scored in every single minute of a 90-minute football match?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score his second La Liga hat-trick of the season in a 5–1 win over Athletic Bilbao?	Yes
WHAT	What became a source of major attention from public media?	Ronaldo 's record-breaking figures became a source of major attention from public media
WHAT	What were drawn in Group B with Netherlands?	Portugal were drawn in Group B with Netherlands
YN	Did Ronaldo score his first Real Madrid hat-trick in an away game against Mallorca?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo on international duty with Portugal against Hungary?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo become Manchester United's first-ever Portuguese player?	Yes
YN	Had Ronaldo been runner-up on another four occasions?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score four goals on United's run to the 2005 FA Cup Final?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo shortlisted for the 2015 FIFA Ballon d'Or along with Neymar and Messi?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo amass a host of personal awards for the season?	Yes
YN	Did Shayk appear together on the May 2014 cover of Vogue's Spanish edition?	Yes
WHO	Who have created signature Ronaldo boots?	Nike have created signature Ronaldo boots
YN	Did Ronaldo buy an $ 18.5 million loft in Trump Tower in New York City?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo donate the damages to a charity in Madeira?	Yes
YN	Does Ronaldo hold the distinction of being the first player to win the FIFA Puskás Award?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score another hat-trick against Sevilla?	Yes
YN	Does Ronaldo do not have tattoos as it would prevent him from donating blood?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo surpass former Real Madrid team-mate Raúl's previous competition record by claiming his 72nd in the Champions League to close in on record-holder Lionel Messi?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo tie second in the list of top scorers in European club competitions with 70 goals?	Yes
WHO	Who holds the distinction of being the first player to win the LFP Best Goal?	Ronaldo holds the distinction of being the first player to win the LFP Best Goal
YN	Did Ronaldo win the Pichichi as the top goalscorer for the second consecutive year in Spain?	Yes
YN	Have person been the subject of several works?	Yes
YN	Has Cristiano n't let what happened and the reaction affect him at all?	Yes
YN	Did Rooney both immediately deny any rift?	Yes
WHO	Who ended the season with a total of 55 goals?	Ronaldo ended the season with a total of 55 goals
YN	Did Ronaldo also break Zarra's record of most goals per minute?	Yes
WHO	Who scored his 500th senior career goal for club and country?	Ronaldo scored his 500th senior career goal for club and country
WHO	Who co-designed a range of underwear and sock line?	Ronaldo co-designed a range of underwear and sock line
WHAT	What are not right to keep playing in Manchester?	The circumstances are not right to keep playing in Manchester
YN	Was Ronaldo popular with other students at school?	Yes
WHO	Who became Save the Children 's new Global Artist Ambassador?	Ronaldo became Save the Children 's new Global Artist Ambassador
WHAT	What annoyed United manager Alex Ferguson?	The comments annoyed United manager Alex Ferguson
YN	Is Ronaldo known for his technical skill?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo the second-highest scorer in the 2006 FIFA World Cup qualification in the European zone with seven goals?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo get into an argument with manager José Mourinho?	Yes
WHO	Who developed into more of a team player?	Ronaldo developed into more of a team player
YN	Did Ronaldo insist that Rooney was a friend and that he was not pushing for Rooney to be sent off?	Yes
WHO	Who produced the television film Ronaldo?	His sponsor Castro produced the television film Ronaldo
YN	Did his agent pay for specialist treatment for a nine-year-old Canarian boy with apparently terminal cancer?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo later reveal that he had requested the number 28 (his number at Sporting)?	Yes
YN	Did Cristiano Ronaldo score once against Elbar to become the joint-third all-time top goalscorer in La Liga alongside Mexican striker Hugo Sánchez?	Yes
WHO	Who scored his first Real Madrid hat-trick in an away game against Mallorca?	Ronaldo scored his first Real Madrid hat-trick in an away game against Mallorca
YN	Did Ronaldo score five times in one game for the first time in his career?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score two goals in a 5–0 win against West Bromwich Albion?	Yes
WHO	Who scored eight goals in Portugal 's FIFA World Cup 2014 qualifying campaign?	Ronaldo scored eight goals in Portugal 's FIFA World Cup 2014 qualifying campaign
YN	Did Ronaldo make his 200th competitive appearance for Real Madrid in a 2–1 home win over Real Betis?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score his 100th goal with Real Madrid with a first-half equaliser against Barcelona in the second leg of the 2011 Spanish Supercup in the Camp Nou?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo tackled by right-back Guy Demel?	Yes
YN	Did he score his record-equalling 14th Champions League goal of the season in a 3–0 home victory?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score on the opening day of the season in a 5–1 win against Fulham?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo also score in the fifth round of the 2003–04 FA Cup in a 4–2 Manchester derby against Manchester City?	Yes
WHO	Who appeared together on the May 2014 cover of Vogue 's Spanish edition?	Shayk appeared together on the May 2014 cover of Vogue 's Spanish edition
WHO	Who scored seven goals in Portugal 's UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign?	Ronaldo scored seven goals in Portugal 's UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign
WHO	Who opened a museum?	Ronaldo opened a museum
WHO	Who won the Pichichi as the top goalscorer for the second consecutive year in Spain?	Ronaldo won the Pichichi as the top goalscorer for the second consecutive year in Spain
YN	Did Ronaldo also equal Lionel Messi's record of hat-tricks away from home with seven hat-tricks?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo make his first post-injury start in a 1–0 El Clásico defeat to Barcelona on 29 November?	Yes
YN	Did Gonzalo Higuaín become the most prolific trio in Spanish league history?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo end his second season at Real Madrid with a total of 53 goals in all competitions?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo agree to be the ambassador for The Mangrove Care Forum in Indonesia?	Yes
YN	Had Ronaldo received Ballon d'Or and FIFA World Player of the Year nominations?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score his 300th goal for Real Madrid in a 2–0 win at Rayo Vallecano?	Yes
WHAT	What features Ronaldo 's `` Thigh Flex '' ( FIFA 13 )?	The former series features Ronaldo 's `` Thigh Flex '' ( FIFA 13 )
WHAT	What narrated by the actor Benedict Cumberbatch?	a documentary narrated by the actor Benedict Cumberbatch
WHO	Who began his career as a youth player for Andorinha?	Ronaldo began his career as a youth player for Andorinha
YN	Did Ronaldo officially break his previous record of 40 goals in a La Liga season on 14 April?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo hampered by thigh injuries towards the end of the 2013–14 season with Real Madrid?	Yes
WHAT	What came in the 90th minute?	His best chance came in the 90th minute
WHO	Who was particularly hailed by Diego Maradona?	Ronaldo was particularly hailed by Diego Maradona
YN	Did Ronaldo score his first hat-trick for Manchester United in a 6–0 win against Newcastle United at Old Trafford on 12 January 2008?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo help United reach the semi-final of the Champions League?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo become Save the Children's new Global Artist Ambassador?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo join FIFA's '11 for Health' programme to raise awareness amongst kids of?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo break the record held for Champions League goals scored in a calendar year with 14 goals?	Yes
WHO	Who coached him in moves to make himself more unpredictable?	Meulensteen coached him in moves to make himself more unpredictable
YN	Was Ronaldo welcomed by between 80,000 and 85,000 fans at his presentation at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo move to quell the speculation over his future by insisting that he would reach a deal to renew his contract with Real Madrid?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score four goals against Racing de Santander?	Yes
WHO	Who plays an attacking role?	Cristiano Ronaldo plays an attacking role
WHO	Who was sent off for stamping on Portugal defender Ricardo Carvalho?	Ronaldo 's United teammate Wayne Rooney was sent off for stamping on Portugal defender Ricardo Carvalho
YN	Was Ronaldo replaced by Jesé in the 52nd minute against Almería after suffering a muscle strain?	Yes
WHO	Who broke into the top ten scorers in La Liga?	Ronaldo broke into the top ten scorers in La Liga
YN	Did Ronaldo end his first season in English football by scoring the opening goal in United's 3–0 FA Cup Final victory over Millwall?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo start the season by lifting the Supercopa de España with Real Madrid?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo win his 100th cap for the Portugal national team in a World Cup qualification match against Northern Ireland (1–1) at Porto's Estádio do Dragão?	Yes
WHO	Who made his international debut for Portugal in August 2003?	Ronaldo made his international debut for Portugal in August 2003
WHAT	What include Coca-Cola?	His other endorsement deals include Coca-Cola
YN	Did Ronaldo score two against Arsenal including a free-kick from 39.1 yards as United advanced to the Champions League final?	Yes
WHAT	What has established a strong online presence?	Ronaldo has established a strong online presence
YN	Had Ronaldo a one-match ban imposed on him by UEFA for a `` one-fingered gesture '' towards Benfica fans in a UEFA Champions League match in December 2005?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo the competition's top goalscorer for the second consecutive season and third overall?	Yes
YN	Did a documentary narrate by the actor Benedict Cumberbatch?	Yes
WHAT	What is a line of fragrances called Legacy?	One example is a line of fragrances called Legacy
WHAT	What were adamant that he would stay at the club?	United were adamant that he would stay at the club
WHO	Who had been runner-up on another four occasions?	Ronaldo had been runner-up on another four occasions
WHAT	What have commented that this reputation has caused an unfair image of him?	various journalists have commented that this reputation has caused an unfair image of him
YN	Did Ronaldo score his 100th away goal as he hit a brace in a 3–2 away victory against Rayo Vallecano?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score two goals and had two other chances go against the woodwork to secure a 2–1 victory for Portugal?	Yes
WHO	Who said `` without any question?	United manager Alex Ferguson said `` without any question
WHO	Who scored twice against Barcelona in the second leg of the Copa del Rey semi-finals?	Ronaldo scored twice against Barcelona in the second leg of the Copa del Rey semi-finals
YN	Did Ronaldo receive consecutive Barclays Player of the Month honours?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score his 200th goal for Real Madrid on 8 May in a 6–2 win against Málaga?	Yes
WHO	Who was from Cape Verde?	His great-grandmother Isabel da Piedade was from Cape Verde
WHAT	What is known as a fashion icon?	Ronaldo is known as a fashion icon
YN	Did Ronaldo score a hat-trick against Atlético Madrid in a 4–1 win?	Yes
WHAT	What earned praise from Ferguson?	his performance earned praise from Ferguson
YN	Was Ronaldo discharged from hospital by the end of the afternoon?	Yes
YN	Are Ronaldo said `` Liverpool one of the best clubs in England and it would be a dream for any player to represent a club of such traditions ''?	Yes
WHO	Who became a father on 17 June 2010 following the birth of a son?	Ronaldo became a father on 17 June 2010 following the birth of a son
YN	Did Ronaldo end his fourth season at Real Madrid as the Champions League top goalscorer for a second time in his career with 12 goals?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo finish the season with a career-high 42 goals in all competitions?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score in the 5–3 semi-final victory over Japanese club Gamba Osaka in the FIFA Club World Cup?	Yes
YN	Has Ronaldo never publicly revealed the identity of his son's mother?	Yes
WHAT	What was an extra source of motivation?	the famous shirt was an extra source of motivation
YN	Did Ronaldo become the all-time top scorer in the UEFA European Championship (including qualifying) with 23 goals?	Yes
WHO	Who amassed a host of personal awards for the season?	Ronaldo amassed a host of personal awards for the season
YN	Did Ronaldo join Sporting's other youth players who trained at the Academia Sporting?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo claim that he was unhappy with a `` professional issue '' after he refused to celebrate his 149th and 150th goals for the club?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo make his Madrid debut on 21 July in a 1–0 win over Shamrock Rovers?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score crucial goals against Middlesbrough in the 2006–07 FA Cup quarter-final?	Yes
WHO	Who was named FWA Footballer of the Year?	Ronaldo was named FWA Footballer of the Year
WHO	Who named Ronaldo as the new permanent captain of the Portugal national team?	Queiroz named Ronaldo as the new permanent captain of the Portugal national team
WHO	Who scored four goals on United 's run to the 2005 FA Cup Final?	Ronaldo scored four goals on United 's run to the 2005 FA Cup Final
YN	Did Ronaldo win the 2013 FIFA Ballon d'Or?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo win his second trophy in English football in the 2005–06 season?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo called up for Euro 2004?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo co-designed a range of underwear and sock line?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo captain United for the first time in his career in a home win over Bolton?	Yes
WHO	Who was shortlisted for the 2015 FIFA Ballon d'Or along with Neymar and Messi?	Ronaldo was shortlisted for the 2015 FIFA Ballon d'Or along with Neymar and Messi
YN	Was Ronaldo particularly hailed by Diego Maradona?	Yes
YN	Does Ronaldo hold the record for most goals scored in a single UEFA Champions League season?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score a hat-trick (including two penalties)?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score a last-minute backheeled volley in the 2–2 home draw with Valencia?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo further praised for his performance against the Czech Republic in the quarter-finals?	Yes
YN	Has Ronaldo at times been criticised for diving?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo substituted at the 63rd minute by team mate Gonzalo Higuaín?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo included in the UEFA Euro 2012 Team of the Tournament?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo make his return on 23 April 2014 in the Champions League semi-final first leg win over Bayern Munich?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo break Di Stéfano's hat-trick record with his 29th treble for the club in a 3–2 win at Sevilla on 2 May?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score his 40th goal for Portugal in a 1–1 friendly draw against the Netherlands?	Yes
YN	Had Ronaldo occasionally been criticised for being a `` selfish '' or overly flamboyant player?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score his final league goal of the season?	Yes
WHO	Who equalled Lionel Messi 's record of scoring in 10 consecutive games?	Ronaldo equalled Lionel Messi 's record of scoring in 10 consecutive games
YN	Did Ronaldo make his international debut for Portugal in August 2003?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score five goals in a 6–0 away win over Espanyol?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo strike twice against Celta Vigo to send Real Madrid above city rivals Atlético into second place in La Liga?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo arrested on suspicion of raping a woman in a London hotel and released on bail?	Yes
WHAT	What has n't let what happened and the reaction affect him at all?	Cristiano has n't let what happened and the reaction affect him at all
WHAT	What ended in disappointment?	Real Madrid 's season ended in disappointment
YN	Did Ronaldo score a perfect hat-trick against Getafe in a 4–0 win?	Yes
WHO	Who scored four goals against Racing de Santander?	Ronaldo scored four goals against Racing de Santander
WHAT	What impressed the Manchester United players?	Ronaldo 's performance impressed the Manchester United players
YN	Did Ronaldo score the winning goal against Barcelona in the 103rd minute of the Copa del Rey final?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo become the competition's joint all-time leading goalscorer (including qualifying) with 22 goals?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo head the opening goal from a Mesut Özil corner in the 14th minute of the eventual 2–1 Copa del Rey final defeat to Atletico Madrid?	Yes
WHO	Who had eventually completed his transfer to Real?	When Ronaldo had eventually completed his transfer to Real
YN	Was Ronaldo named FWA Footballer of the Year?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo reach more than 100 goals in La Liga in just three seasons at Real Madrid?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score his first career hat-trick in the Champions League as he led Real Madrid to a 4–1 victory over Ajax?	Yes
YN	Did design by artist Ricardo Madeira Veloso?	Yes
YN	Did die of an alcoholism-related liver condition at the age of 52 in September 2005?	Yes
WHO	Who scored eight goals in Portugal 's UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying campaign?	Ronaldo scored eight goals in Portugal 's UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying campaign
YN	Did Ronaldo net a long-range finish from 30 yards in a 5–0 away win over Real Betis?	Yes
WHO	Who admitted that he was missing the English Premier League?	Ronaldo admitted that he was missing the English Premier League
YN	Did Ronaldo cap his La Liga debut with a goal?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score both goals in Real Madrid's 2–0 away win over Malmö?	Yes
WHO	Who had started playing for amateur team Andorinha at age 8?	Ronaldo had started playing for amateur team Andorinha at age 8
YN	Did the competition come in the final minute of the game of the return fixture against Sporting?	Yes
WHAT	What was his 20th direct free kick goal for Real Madrid?	The direct free kick was his 20th direct free kick goal for Real Madrid
YN	Was Ronaldo substituted with 10 minutes to play due to a thigh injury?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo agree with his mother to focus entirely on football?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo become Manchester United's first Ballon d'Or recipient since George Best in 1968?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score a 40-yard game-winning goal as United advanced to the semi-finals?	Yes
WHAT	What was staunchly Catholic?	The family was staunchly Catholic
YN	Was Ronaldo named best forward and player of the tournament?	Yes
WHO	Who continued to play a more offensive role for his team?	Ronaldo continued to play a more offensive role for his team
YN	Did Ronaldo begin 2011 with a very promising outlook?	Yes
WHAT	What failed to defend their La Liga title?	Real Madrid failed to defend their La Liga title
YN	Did Ronaldo register his eighth hat-trick of the season against Getafe to equal Messi's all-time Spanish league record of hat-tricks in a season?	Yes
WHO	Who agreed with his mother to focus entirely on football?	Ronaldo agreed with his mother to focus entirely on football
YN	Did Ronaldo score twice in a 2–1 home victory against Juventus to become the Champions League's third all-time highest goalscorer with 57 goals?	Yes
WHO	Who thought Ronaldo responded to being booed by letting it inspire him?	United goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar thought Ronaldo responded to being booed by letting it inspire him
YN	Did Ronaldo set a record scoring start in a Spanish league season?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo also become the first player to score in 8 consecutive Champions League matches?	Yes
WHAT	What was showcased in a trip to Ewood Park in November?	form was showcased in a trip to Ewood Park in November
YN	Did Ronaldo score his first two league goal of the season in a 3–0 win over Granada?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score another two goals against Aston Villa?	Yes
WHO	Who started his international youth career in 2001 being part of the under-15 Portugal team?	Cristiano started his international youth career in 2001 being part of the under-15 Portugal team
YN	Has Ronaldo previously dated English models Alice Goodwin and Gemma Atkinson?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score the second Champions League hat-trick of his career in Real Madrid's opening group match of the 2013–14 UEFA Champions League?	Yes
WHAT	What choose to analyse the differing physiques and playing styles of the two?	Some commentators choose to analyse the differing physiques and playing styles of the two
YN	Did Ronaldo win the 2014 FIFA Ballon d'Or?	Yes
WHO	Who became the all-time top goalscorer in the UEFA Champions League with 82 goals?	Ronaldo became the all-time top goalscorer in the UEFA Champions League with 82 goals
YN	Did Ronaldo score a brace as Real Madrid went on to a 4–0 home victory?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo later claim that he lived in poverty?	Yes
WHAT	What is known to be mentally sharp?	Ronaldo is known to be mentally sharp
YN	Had Ronaldo not scored during the first two league games?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo also represent the under-17?	Yes
WHAT	What include diamond-studded belts?	The stores include diamond-studded belts
WHO	Who was the face of Konami 's video games Pro Evolution Soccer 2008?	Ronaldo was the face of Konami 's video games Pro Evolution Soccer 2008
WHAT	What is one of the world 's most marketable athletes?	Ronaldo is one of the world 's most marketable athletes
YN	Did Ronaldo help United reach the FA Cup Final?	Yes
YN	Is Ronaldo known to be mentally sharp?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo equal Lionel Messi's record of scoring in 10 consecutive games?	Yes
WHO	Who joined FIFA 's '11 for Health ' programme to raise awareness amongst kids of?	Ronaldo joined FIFA 's '11 for Health ' programme to raise awareness amongst kids of
YN	Is `` Cristiano a player who does not have the culture of the swimming pool?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score Real's opening goal in a 3–0 victory over Ajax in the UEFA Champions League?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score against Schalke 04 in a 2–0 Champions League victory to extend his run of scoring away in the competition to 12 matches?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo doubtful for Portugal's 2014 World Cup opener against Germany?	Yes
WHAT	What are given more protection?	the simulators are given more protection
YN	Did Ronaldo score against Middlesbrough in a 2–2 draw?	Yes
WHO	Who agreed to be the ambassador for The Mangrove Care Forum in Indonesia?	Ronaldo agreed to be the ambassador for The Mangrove Care Forum in Indonesia
WHAT	What earned high praise from United legend George Best?	His early form earned high praise from United legend George Best
YN	Did Ronaldo score two free kicks in a 5–2 away victory over Zürich?	Yes
WHO	Who told France Football that he had made a `` mistake ''?	Ronaldo told France Football that he had made a `` mistake ''
YN	Did Ronaldo announce that he would be releasing his own fragrance by the end of the year?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo pledge to play in a charity match in Madeira between the Primeira Liga club FC Porto and players from Madeiran-based clubs Marítimo and Nacional?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score a goal from a free kick and assisted Özil to score the second goal in a 2–0 victory over Atlético Madrid?	Yes
WHO	Who expanded his business with a second clothes boutique in Lisbon in 2008?	Ronaldo expanded his business with a second clothes boutique in Lisbon in 2008
YN	Did Ronaldo score his 19th La Liga hat-trick (one from open play?	Yes
YN	Did Cristiano Ronaldo dos Santos Aveiro GOIH (bear 5 February 1985)?	Yes
WHAT	What saw him listed behind only boxer Floyd Mayweather?	The latter earnings saw him listed behind only boxer Floyd Mayweather
YN	Did Ronaldo score two penalties in a 4–1 win over Athletic Bilbao?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score a hat-trick against Celta Vigo in the second leg of a Copa del Rey game?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo state he was `` sad '' and had a `` strange feeling '' after his goal knocked Manchester United out of the Champions League?	Yes
WHAT	What ended with penalties?	The match ended with penalties
YN	Did Ronaldo comment on the rivalry?	Yes
WHAT	What caused Ronaldo to consider leaving United?	the English press caused Ronaldo to consider leaving United
YN	Did Ronaldo score a 94th-minute winner against Levante?	Yes
WHO	Who claimed that Ronaldo should be allowed to leave?	FIFA president Sepp Blatter claimed that Ronaldo should be allowed to leave
WHAT	What has never publicly revealed the identity of his son 's mother?	Ronaldo has never publicly revealed the identity of his son 's mother
YN	Did Ronaldo become the all-time top goalscorer in the UEFA Champions League with 82 goals?	Yes
WHAT	What ended their relationship in January 2015?	The couple ended their relationship in January 2015
YN	Did Ronaldo become a father on 17 June 2010 following the birth of a son?	Yes
WHO	Who received consecutive Barclays Player of the Month honours?	Ronaldo received consecutive Barclays Player of the Month honours
WHAT	What showed an eight-year-old boy survivor named Martunis wearing a No?	tsunami showed an eight-year-old boy survivor named Martunis wearing a No
YN	Did Ronaldo finish the season with 31 goals in 30 league games?	Yes
WHAT	What is known for his technical skill?	Ronaldo is known for his technical skill
WHO	Who had received Ballon d'Or and FIFA World Player of the Year nominations?	Ronaldo had received Ballon d'Or and FIFA World Player of the Year nominations
YN	Did Ronaldo become the fastest player to score 200 goals in La Liga?	Yes
WHAT	What was his 50th goal for Portugal?	The strike was his 50th goal for Portugal
YN	Did Ronaldo score his 500th senior career goal for club and country?	Yes
WHO	Who scored another two goals against Aston Villa?	Ronaldo scored another two goals against Aston Villa
YN	Is Ronaldo one of the world's most marketable athletes?	Yes
WHAT	What has released two mobile apps?	Ronaldo has released two mobile apps
YN	Did Ronaldo make his 500th club appearances?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo end the season with a total of 55 goals?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo regularly train apart from Portugal's training session in order not to further aggravate his knee and thigh problems and frequently left training early to ice his knee?	Yes
YN	Is Ronaldo sometimes depicted as an arrogant and theatrical showoff?	Yes
YN	Does Ronaldo hold the distinction of being the first player to win the LFP Best Goal?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score the late winner against Ghana in a 2–1 victory?	Yes
WHAT	What paid for specialist treatment for a nine-year-old Canarian boy with apparently terminal cancer?	his agent paid for specialist treatment for a nine-year-old Canarian boy with apparently terminal cancer
YN	Did Ronaldo miss two gilt-edged one-on-one chances?	Yes
WHO	Who issued a statement saying?	Ronaldo issued a statement saying
YN	Did Ronaldo score his tenth La Liga hat-trick in a match away to Málaga on 22 October?	Yes
YN	Did Cristiano start his international youth career in 2001 being part of the under-15 Portugal team?	Yes
WHO	Who had scored in every single minute of a 90-minute football match?	His seventh-minute penalty meant Ronaldo had scored in every single minute of a 90-minute football match
YN	Did Ronaldo begin to show similar form to the previous season?	Yes
YN	Has Ronaldo released two mobile apps?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo begin his career as a youth player for Andorinha?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score a hat-trick in a 4–2 home win over Levante which stretched Real Madrid's lead over Barcelona to 10 points?	Yes
WHAT	What proved to be the breakout year for Ronaldo?	The season proved to be the breakout year for Ronaldo
YN	Is `` Cristiano Ronaldo changing the game in Spain?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo net twice in Portugal's 5–1 friendly win over Cameroon to take his tally to 49 goals?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo also establish a personal record?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo invited to Arsenal's training ground?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo also represent Portugal at the 2004 Summer Olympics?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo win the 2014 FIFA Club World Cup in Morocco?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score a hat-trick against Shakhtar Donetsk in Real's first group stage match of the 2015–16 UEFA Champions League?	Yes
WHO	Who was diagnosed with a racing heart?	Ronaldo was diagnosed with a racing heart
WHO	Who won the 2014 FIFA Ballon d'Or?	Ronaldo won the 2014 FIFA Ballon d'Or
YN	Did Ronaldo captain Portugal for the first time in a friendly against Brazil on 6 February 2007?	Yes
WHO	Who won the 2014 FIFA Club World Cup in Morocco?	Ronaldo won the 2014 FIFA Club World Cup in Morocco
YN	Did Ronaldo pick up a thigh muscle injury while warming up for the UEFA Champions League semi-final first leg on 24 April?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score a hat-trick in Portugal's 3–2 win in Armenia?	Yes
WHAT	What suffered on 10 October?	An ankle injury suffered on 10 October
YN	Was September 2005 when Ronaldo 20?	Yes
YN	Has Ronaldo won three Premier Leagues?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo deny the allegations and charges were dropped by Scotland Yard in November 2005 due to `` insufficient evidence ''?	Yes
WHAT	What was in honour of Portuguese Football Federation president Carlos Silva?	This move was in honour of Portuguese Football Federation president Carlos Silva
WHO	Who said `` one day?	George Boateng said `` one day
YN	Had Ronaldo scored 15 goals in his last seven league games?	Yes
YN	When rumours surfaced again in December about a move to Real Madrid, Ferguson quipped: "Do you think I would enter into a contract with that mob?	Yes
WHO	Who made his 500th club appearances?	Ronaldo made his 500th club appearances
YN	Did Ronaldo's 2007–08 season begin with a red card for a headbutt on Portsmouth player Richard Hughes during United's second match of the season?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo given the ninth red card of his career in a 2–1 win over Córdoba on 24 January for kicking and slapping Edimar?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score twice in a 4–1 home victory against Getafe CF?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo then score the winning goal in a 2–1 victory against Manchester United on 5 March?	Yes
YN	Had Ronaldo to wait until December to score his first goal of the 2004-05 season?	Yes
WHO	Who was replaced as Portugal coach with Carlos Queiroz?	Luiz Felipe Scolari was replaced as Portugal coach with Carlos Queiroz
WHO	Who scored a 40-yard game-winning goal as United advanced to the semi-finals?	Ronaldo scored a 40-yard game-winning goal as United advanced to the semi-finals
WHAT	What have been the subject of several works?	person have been the subject of several works
WHO	Who was popular with other students at school?	Ronaldo was popular with other students at school
WHAT	What came in a victory over Fulham?	the season came in a victory over Fulham
YN	Did Ronaldo score his first Champions League goal of the season?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score the opening goal against Galatasaray in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-finals?	Yes
WHO	Who joined Sporting 's other youth players who trained at the Academia Sporting?	Ronaldo joined Sporting 's other youth players who trained at the Academia Sporting
YN	Did Ronaldo score his first Champions League goal of the season in a 3–2 victory over Manchester City?	Yes
WHAT	What described the particular goal as a `` sublime strike ''?	UEFA described the particular goal as a `` sublime strike ''
YN	Did Ronaldo say he had `` learned a lot '' from the experience and would not let players `` provoke '' him in the future?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo diagnosed with a racing heart?	Yes
YN	Has Ronaldo also undergone several tactical evolutions throughout his career?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo sign a new contract with Real Madrid on 15 September that would keep him at the club until 2018?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo booed throughout the season?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score the opening goal after 26 minutes?	Yes
WHO	Who became Manchester United 's first Ballon d'Or recipient since George Best in 1968?	Ronaldo became Manchester United 's first Ballon d'Or recipient since George Best in 1968
YN	Did Ronaldo sell the golden boot he had won in 2011 for €1.5 million and gave the money to fund schools for children in Gaza?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo continue to play a more offensive role for his team?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score seven goals in Portugal's UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying campaign?	Yes
WHAT	What speculated that Ronaldo had influenced referee Horacio Elizondo 's decision by aggressively complaining?	The English media speculated that Ronaldo had influenced referee Horacio Elizondo 's decision by aggressively complaining
YN	Did Ronaldo equal Alfredo Di Stéfano's record of 28 hat-tricks for Real Madrid?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo undergo a major body transformation?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo become the fastest player in La Liga history to score 200 goals?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score from the penalty spot and took his tally to 41 goals?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score the fifth goal in a 5–1 win?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo's performance impress the Manchester United players?	Yes
YN	Had when Ronaldo eventually completed his transfer to Real?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score twice in the second leg against Galatasaray to send Real Madrid to the semi-finals in the Champions League?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo begin his scoring spree by scoring two vital goals in a tight 3–2 victory away to Getafe?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score his 18th La Liga hat-trick in a 7–3 home win against Sevilla?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo appear in FIFA's `` 11 against Ebola '' campaign with a selection of top football players from around the world?	Yes
WHO	Who became the fastest player to score 200 goals in La Liga?	Ronaldo became the fastest player to score 200 goals in La Liga
YN	Was Ronaldo joined at the club by Gareth Bale?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score eight goals in Portugal's FIFA World Cup 2014 qualifying campaign?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo also one of eight Manchester United players named in the 2006–07 PFA Premier League Team of the Year?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo's contract worth €11 million per year and had a €1 billion buy-out clause?	Yes
YN	Had Ronaldo started playing for amateur team Andorinha at age 8?	Yes
WHAT	What has also undergone several tactical evolutions throughout his career?	Ronaldo has also undergone several tactical evolutions throughout his career
WHO	Who became the fastest player in La Liga history to score 200 goals?	Ronaldo became the fastest player in La Liga history to score 200 goals
YN	Did Ronaldo break into the top ten scorers in La Liga?	Yes
WHO	Who scored a 94th-minute winner against Levante?	Ronaldo scored a 94th-minute winner against Levante
YN	Did Ronaldo tell France Football that he had made a `` mistake ''?	Yes
WHO	Who does not have tattoos as it would prevent him from donating blood?	Ronaldo does not have tattoos as it would prevent him from donating blood
WHO	Who labelled him a `` phenomenon ''?	his team-mate Karim Benzema labelled him a `` phenomenon ''
WHAT	What was announced?	the tournament was announced
YN	Has Ronaldo established a strong online presence?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo's United teammate Wayne Rooney sent off for stamping on Portugal defender Ricardo Carvalho?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score twice against Barcelona in the second leg of the Copa del Rey semi-finals?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score the decisive goal in the second leg which helped United advance 2–1 on aggregate?	Yes
WHO	Who bought an $ 18.5 million loft in Trump Tower in New York City?	Ronaldo bought an $ 18.5 million loft in Trump Tower in New York City
YN	Does Cristiano Ronaldo play an attacking role?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo win the 2013–14 UEFA Best Player in Europe Award?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo handed the number 7 shirt for Real Madrid?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo issue a statement saying?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo named man of the match in all three of Portugal's group matches against Côte d'Ivoire (0–0)?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo expand his business with a second clothes boutique in Lisbon in 2008?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo become the first player to score 10 or more goals in 3 consecutive Champions League campaigns?	Yes
YN	Did former Manchester United player Bobby Charlton state?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo earn his first senior cap for Portugal in a 1–0 victory against Kazakhstan on 20 August 2003?	Yes
YN	Do van Nistelrooy telling Ronaldo to go and `` go crying to your daddy ''?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo publicly express that he wanted manager Carlo Ancelotti?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo born in Santo António?	Yes
YN	Did which Ronaldo score in each match?	Yes
WHO	Who was included in the UEFA Euro 2012 Team of the Tournament?	Ronaldo was included in the UEFA Euro 2012 Team of the Tournament
YN	Did Ronaldo later say of the incident?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo's record-breaking figures become a source of major attention from public media?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo second in the 2009 FIFA World Player of the Year award and also second in the 2009 Ballon d'Or award?	Yes
WHAT	What did n't come until 29 September?	his first league goal did n't come until 29 September
WHAT	What led to Ronaldo asking for a transfer?	The situation led to Ronaldo asking for a transfer
YN	Did Ronaldo also score two goals against Barcelona in the Copa del Rey quarter-finals?	Yes
YN	Was 2015 Ronaldo named the best Portuguese player of all time by the Portuguese Football Federation?	Yes
WHAT	What represented the first time that Ronaldo captained Real Madrid in an official match?	The match represented the first time that Ronaldo captained Real Madrid in an official match
YN	Was Ronaldo revealed as a contender for the Professional Footballers' Association (PFA) Young Player of the Year award alongside teammate Wayne Rooney?	Yes
WHO	Who was the competition 's top goalscorer for the second consecutive season and third overall?	Ronaldo was the competition 's top goalscorer for the second consecutive season and third overall
YN	Did Ronaldo score a brace to lift 10-man Real Madrid to a 4–3 victory over Real Sociedad?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score two penalties in a 4–1 defeat of Atlético Madrid in the Madrid derby?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score a hat-trick against Deportivo in an 8–2 away win?	Yes
YN	Is Ronaldo known as a fashion icon?	Yes
YN	Was Ronaldo criticised for under performing?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score United's 1000th Premier League goal on 29 October 2005 in a 4–1 loss to Middlesbrough?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score eight goals in Portugal's UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying campaign?	Yes
WHO	Who has won three Premier Leagues?	Ronaldo has won three Premier Leagues
YN	Did Ronaldo score two headers against Real Valladolid in a 4–3 home win?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo score the equaliser in a 5–2 victory against Mallorca?	Yes
YN	Did Ronaldo donate £100,000 to the hospital that saved his mother's life in Madeira following her battle with cancer?	Yes
WHAT	What made him the 10th highest scorer for Real Madrid in all competitions?	This goal made him the 10th highest scorer for Real Madrid in all competitions
WHO	Who commented on the rivalry?	Ronaldo commented on the rivalry
WHO	Who saying `` I am very happy at the club ''?	Ronaldo saying `` I am very happy at the club ''
YN	Did Ronaldo score against Mallorca which made him the first player ever to score against every team in a single season in La Liga?	Yes
WHAT	What brings many things?	`` Maturity brings many things
YN	Did Ronaldo make his team debut to a standing ovation as a 60th-minute substitute for Nicky Butt in a 4–0 home victory over Bolton Wanderers on 16 August?	Yes