WHAT	What remains poorly understood?	this acceleration remains poorly understood
WHAT	What was of major concern to many astronomers?	a successor was of major concern to many astronomers
WHAT	What were sharper than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979?	the planet were sharper than any taken since the passage of Voyager 2 in 1979
YN	Is Hubble one of the largest and most versatile?	Yes
YN	Had the Hubble constant typically errors of up to 50%?	Yes
WHO	Who was not designed to be serviced after launch?	Herschel was not designed to be serviced after launch
WHAT	What headed by Lew Allen?	A commission headed by Lew Allen
WHAT	What is named after the astronomer Edwin Hubble?	The HST is named after the astronomer Edwin Hubble
YN	Did the Space Telescope Science Institute (STScI) release an image from the Carina Nebula?	Yes
WHAT	What was a boon for NASA?	Its success was a boon for NASA
WHAT	What are turned off?	the FGSs are turned off
YN	Is the telescope operating as of 2018?	Yes
YN	Do what managers can learn from it) ''?	Yes
WHAT	What appeared to be sharper than those of ground-based telescopes?	the first images appeared to be sharper than those of ground-based telescopes
YN	Is the telescope time designated `` director's discretionary '' (DD) time?	Yes
YN	Did the telescope become the butt of many jokes?	Yes
WHAT	What are monochromatic grayscale?	Hubble are monochromatic grayscale
WHAT	What declared the mission a complete success and showed the first sharper images?	NASA declared the mission a complete success and showed the first sharper images
WHAT	What were awarded time on the telescope?	Thirteen amateur astronomers were awarded time on the telescope
WHAT	What was a high-resolution imaging device primarily intended for optical observations?	WF/PC was a high-resolution imaging device primarily intended for optical observations
WHAT	What convened four panels to discuss key projects?	STScI convened four panels to discuss key projects
YN	Have many Hubble observations led to breakthroughs in astrophysics?	Yes
WHAT	What has recorded some of the most detailed visible light images ever?	Hubble has recorded some of the most detailed visible light images ever
WHAT	What are now assembled using pressurized nitrogen?	Gyros are now assembled using pressurized nitrogen
WHAT	What spread out over a radius of more than one arcsecond?	point sources spread out over a radius of more than one arcsecond
WHAT	What made on Director 's Discretionary Time are exempt from the proprietary period?	Observations made on Director 's Discretionary Time are exempt from the proprietary period
WHAT	What was completed?	Once work was completed
YN	Was Hubble pictured with the Lusitania?	Yes
WHAT	What was replaced with the COSTAR corrective optics package?	the High Speed Photometer was replaced with the COSTAR corrective optics package
WHAT	What built into their surfaces could completely cancel the aberration of the primary?	An inverse error built into their surfaces could completely cancel the aberration of the primary
WHO	Who was funded in the 1970s?	Hubble was funded in the 1970s
WHO	Who had ground a back-up mirror for Hubble?	Kodak had ground a back-up mirror for Hubble
WHAT	What were dismissed?	these results were dismissed
WHAT	What recommended the development of a space telescope as part of the space program?	Sciences recommended the development of a space telescope as part of the space program
WHO	Who authorized Goddard to proceed with preparations for a manned Hubble maintenance flight?	his appointment Griffin authorized Goddard to proceed with preparations for a manned Hubble maintenance flight
WHAT	What identified three such projects?	The panels identified three such projects
WHAT	What analyzed its surface with two conventional refractive null correctors?	Perkin-Elmer analyzed its surface with two conventional refractive null correctors
WHAT	What were later canceled?	These plans were later canceled
YN	Is Hubble the only telescope designed to be serviced in space by astronauts?	Yes
WHAT	What made the support of work by amateur astronomers untenable?	STScI made the support of work by amateur astronomers untenable
WHAT	What were stringently reviewed by a committee of amateur astronomers?	amateur time were stringently reviewed by a committee of amateur astronomers
YN	Did Hubble capture an image of the first-ever predicted reappearance of a supernova?	Yes
WHAT	What was coordinated among astronomers?	a nationwide lobbying effort was coordinated among astronomers
WHAT	What have required new theories to explain them?	Some results have required new theories to explain them
WHAT	What saw Discovery launch the telescope successfully into its planned orbit?	shuttle mission STS-31 saw Discovery launch the telescope successfully into its planned orbit
WHAT	What were estimated to be about US $ 10 billion in 2010?	Hubble 's cumulative costs were estimated to be about US $ 10 billion in 2010
WHAT	What observe in the near ultraviolet?	Hubble 's four main instruments observe in the near ultraviolet
YN	Did the Hubble Space Telescope celebrate its 20th anniversary in space on April 24?	Yes
YN	Was hubble data initially stored on the spacecraft?	Yes
WHAT	What was initially stored on the spacecraft?	Hubble data was initially stored on the spacecraft
WHAT	What has a resolution of 0.64 megapixels?	Each CCD has a resolution of 0.64 megapixels
WHAT	What polishing continued until May 1981?	Mirror polishing continued until May 1981
WHAT	What were assembled using pressurized nitrogen and they should be much more reliable?	The new gyro models were assembled using pressurized nitrogen and they should be much more reliable
WHAT	What produces educational material?	ESA produces educational material
YN	Does the Space Telescope Science Institute (STScI) select Hubble's targets and processes the resulting data?	Yes
WHAT	What show the positive impact of Hubble data on astronomy?	Many objective measures show the positive impact of Hubble data on astronomy
YN	Has Hubble also made significant contributions to aerospace engineering?	Yes
YN	Had the other instruments to be removed?	Yes
WHAT	What have led to breakthroughs in astrophysics?	Many Hubble observations have led to breakthroughs in astrophysics
WHAT	What is 20 times faster?	The new computer is 20 times faster
WHAT	What was a precise characterization of the error in the main mirror?	The first step was a precise characterization of the error in the main mirror
YN	Was 1983 the telescope named after Edwin Hubble?	Yes
WHAT	What became the butt of many jokes?	the telescope became the butt of many jokes
YN	Do the Hubble Space Telescope can be traced back as far as 1946?	Yes
YN	Was the telescope scheduled for 1990?	Yes
WHO	Who continued to be expressed about Perkin-Elmer 's competence on a project of this importance?	Doubts continued to be expressed about Perkin-Elmer 's competence on a project of this importance
YN	Do sometimes challenge HST in terms of resolution by using adaptive optics (AO)?	Yes
WHAT	What needed to control Hubble was not ready in 1986?	the ground software needed to control Hubble was not ready in 1986
WHAT	What had been severely strained during the telescope construction?	the optics company had been severely strained during the telescope construction
YN	Did STScI release images of the Westerlund 2 cluster?	Yes
WHAT	What celebrated its 20th anniversary in space on April 24?	The Hubble Space Telescope celebrated its 20th anniversary in space on April 24
YN	Do using Hubble to study the motion of its aurorae?	Yes
WHAT	What is in the FITS format?	the archive is in the FITS format
YN	Did the European Space Agency create a dedicated 25th anniversary page on its website?	Yes
WHAT	What are also difficult or impossible to study from the ground?	These wavelengths are also difficult or impossible to study from the ground
WHAT	What is to observe the most distant objects in the universe?	JWST is to observe the most distant objects in the universe
WHAT	What is granted a small amount of time to observe objects which?	The Heritage Project is granted a small amount of time to observe objects which
WHAT	What had begun on a very small scale following World War II?	Space-based astronomy had begun on a very small scale following World War II
YN	Were Space telescopes proposed as early as 1923?	Yes
WHAT	What were replaced with more advanced ones during the Shuttle servicing missions?	Early instruments were replaced with more advanced ones during the Shuttle servicing missions
WHAT	What failed in September 2008?	Hubble 's main data-handling unit failed in September 2008
WHAT	What served as a unique opportunity for astronomers to test their models of?	Refsdal 's reappearance served as a unique opportunity for astronomers to test their models of
YN	Had the telescope always incorporated servicing missions?	Yes
WHAT	What occurred on February 11?	The Hubble observations occurred on February 11
WHAT	What lacked any intermediate surfaces that could be figured in this way?	the other instruments lacked any intermediate surfaces that could be figured in this way
YN	Was the Corrective Optics Space Telescope Axial Replacement (COSTAR) system designed to correct the spherical aberration for light focused at the FOC?	Yes
WHAT	What determine the final performance?	the telescope determine the final performance
WHAT	What were designed as orbital replacement units?	limited life items were designed as orbital replacement units
WHAT	What indicated a serious problem with the optical system?	the returned images indicated a serious problem with the optical system
WHAT	What is composed of amateur and professional astronomers?	The Heritage team is composed of amateur and professional astronomers
WHAT	What demonstrated the important role space-based observations could play in astronomy?	OAO missions demonstrated the important role space-based observations could play in astronomy
WHAT	What was dismantled?	The first WFPC was dismantled
WHAT	What bright light out of the FGSs?	Moon avoidance keeps bright light out of the FGSs
WHAT	What published a report emphasizing the need for a space telescope?	Sciences published a report emphasizing the need for a space telescope
WHAT	What according to many factors?	the upper atmosphere varies according to many factors
WHAT	What led to Congress deleting all funding for the telescope project?	public spending cuts led to Congress deleting all funding for the telescope project
WHAT	What blamed the failings primarily on Perkin-Elmer?	The commission blamed the failings primarily on Perkin-Elmer
WHAT	What has clearly helped astronomical research?	the HST has clearly helped astronomical research
WHAT	What are also publicly available straight away?	dark frames are also publicly available straight away
WHAT	What is in the Dornier museum?	The FOC is in the Dornier museum
WHAT	What was forced to postpone the launch date until March and then September 1986?	NASA was forced to postpone the launch date until March and then September 1986
YN	Are hubble shows that black holes probably common to the centers of all galaxies?	Yes
WHO	Who convened an official panel?	Sciences convened an official panel
WHAT	What had their own embedded microprocessor-based control systems?	components had their own embedded microprocessor-based control systems
YN	Do space telescopes can study the universe across the entire electromagnetic spectrum?	Yes
WHAT	What is calibrated automatically is known as 'pipeline reduction '?	which data is calibrated automatically is known as 'pipeline reduction '
YN	Do Hubble will occur between 2028 and 2040?	Yes
YN	Is the Hubble observatory nearing the end of its life?	Yes
WHAT	What failed after three days?	OAO-1 's battery failed after three days
WHAT	What was assailed by numerous astronomers?	This decision was assailed by numerous astronomers
WHAT	What are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging?	astronomical objects are accessible to high-resolution ground-based imaging
YN	Has Hubble contributed to studies of the behavior of graphite composite structures in vacuum?	Yes
YN	Has the Hubble Space Telescope won two Space Achievement Awards from the Space Foundation?	Yes
YN	Has Europe been the Hubble European Space Agency Information Centre (HEIC)?	Yes
WHAT	What had been given the go-ahead?	Once the Space Telescope project had been given the go-ahead
YN	Did the Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph (STIS) fail?	Yes
WHAT	What was added during SM 4?	the wide angle channel was added during SM 4
WHAT	What ran into difficulties?	case their cutting-edge technology ran into difficulties
YN	Did the telescope still carry out a large number of productive observations of less demanding targets?	Yes
YN	Has Hubble recorded some of the most detailed visible light images ever?	Yes
WHAT	What downlinks approximately 140 gigabits of data?	HST downlinks approximately 140 gigabits of data
YN	Has Hubble helped resolve some long-standing problems in astronomy?	Yes
YN	Are Hubble the Hubble Deep Field?	Yes
YN	Did Hubble help to refine estimates of the age of the universe?	Yes
WHAT	What created a dedicated 25th anniversary page on its website?	The European Space Agency created a dedicated 25th anniversary page on its website
YN	Did the returned images indicate a serious problem with the optical system?	Yes
WHO	Who gave the final go-ahead?	October 2006 Griffin gave the final go-ahead
YN	Do advanced 21st-century space telescopes include the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope?	Yes
WHAT	What was also published in Icarus?	amateurs was also published in Icarus
WHAT	What include the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope?	advanced 21st-century space telescopes include the Advanced Technology Large-Aperture Space Telescope
YN	Do a proposed precursor 1.5 m (4.9 ft) space telescope to test the systems to be used on the main satellite was dropped?	Yes
YN	Did the Hubble programs further establish that the masses of the nuclear black holes and properties of the galaxies are closely related?	Yes
WHO	Who projected that Hubble could survive into the 2020s?	deputy project manager James Jeletic projected that Hubble could survive into the 2020s
WHAT	What is designated `` director 's discretionary '' ( DD ) time?	the telescope time is designated `` director 's discretionary '' ( DD ) time
WHAT	What was replaced by the WFPC-2 during Servicing Mission 1 in 1993?	The WFPC-1 was replaced by the WFPC-2 during Servicing Mission 1 in 1993
WHAT	What found that Perkin-Elmer did not review or supervise the mirror construction adequately?	NASA found that Perkin-Elmer did not review or supervise the mirror construction adequately
WHAT	What allows it to take extremely high-resolution images?	Earth 's atmosphere allows it to take extremely high-resolution images
WHAT	What described as `` unsettled and changing daily ''?	response to a schedule described as `` unsettled and changing daily ''
WHAT	What was constructed by ESA?	The FOC was constructed by ESA
WHAT	What established two committees?	NASA established two committees
WHAT	What are issued roughly annually?	proposals are issued roughly annually
WHAT	What are divided into several categories?	Proposals are divided into several categories
WHAT	What continued to slip at a rate of about one month per quarter?	Perkin-Elmer 's schedules continued to slip at a rate of about one month per quarter
WHAT	What were corrected to their intended quality by a servicing mission in 1993?	The optics were corrected to their intended quality by a servicing mission in 1993
WHAT	What published each year that receive the most citations?	the 200 papers published each year that receive the most citations
WHAT	What installed the replacement data-handling unit?	SM4 installed the replacement data-handling unit
WHAT	What was strictly a corrective optics device rather than a true science instrument?	COSTAR was strictly a corrective optics device rather than a true science instrument
WHAT	What was named after Edwin Hubble?	1983 the telescope was named after Edwin Hubble
WHAT	What were replaced ( with two new pairs and one refurbished pair )?	which all six gyros were replaced ( with two new pairs and one refurbished pair )
WHAT	What were trained to use about a hundred specialized tools?	the mission were trained to use about a hundred specialized tools
WHAT	What was built by the United States space agency NASA?	The HST was built by the United States space agency NASA
WHAT	What is estimated to be 100 km ( 60 mi ) deep?	The ocean is estimated to be 100 km ( 60 mi ) deep
WHO	Who was to retrieve it using a space shuttle?	safely de-orbiting Hubble was to retrieve it using a space shuttle
WHAT	What installed the Soft Capture and Rendezvous System?	Ultimately NASA installed the Soft Capture and Rendezvous System
WHAT	What is nearing the end of its life?	the Hubble observatory is nearing the end of its life
WHAT	What failed in 2007?	One more gyro failed in 2007
WHAT	What have been ACS?	the four active instruments have been ACS
WHAT	What is the only telescope designed to be serviced in space by astronauts?	Hubble is the only telescope designed to be serviced in space by astronauts
YN	Have Hubble would then most likely been displayed in the Smithsonian Institution?	Yes
WHAT	What is thus to demonstrate a deep connection between galaxies and their central black holes?	galaxies is thus to demonstrate a deep connection between galaxies and their central black holes
YN	Do instruments would be housed proceeded somewhat more smoothly than the construction of the OTA?	Yes
WHAT	What result from Hubble 's long lifetime on orbit?	These insights result from Hubble 's long lifetime on orbit
WHO	Who was designed to accommodate regular servicing and equipment upgrades while in orbit?	Hubble was designed to accommodate regular servicing and equipment upgrades while in orbit
YN	Did five subsequent Space Shuttle missions repair?	Yes
YN	Does the Hubble Heritage Project process and releases to the public a small selection of the most striking images in JPEG and TIFF formats?	Yes
WHAT	What was obtained in 1946?	the Sun was obtained in 1946
WHAT	What based on Hubble data have been published in peer-reviewed journals?	15,000 papers based on Hubble data have been published in peer-reviewed journals
WHAT	What materialized as the Next Generation Space Telescope project?	a Hubble successor materialized as the Next Generation Space Telescope project
WHAT	What is an international collaboration between NASA?	The telescope is an international collaboration between NASA
WHAT	What is primarily an infrared instrument?	JWST is primarily an infrared instrument
WHAT	What was established at the Space Telescope European Coordinating Facility in Munich?	This office was established at the Space Telescope European Coordinating Facility in Munich
WHAT	What was released for Hubble 's 26th `` birthday ''?	the Bubble Nebula was released for Hubble 's 26th `` birthday ''
WHAT	What has won two Space Achievement Awards from the Space Foundation?	The Hubble Space Telescope has won two Space Achievement Awards from the Space Foundation
WHAT	What have helped to keep the public informed about Hubble activities?	Several initiatives have helped to keep the public informed about Hubble activities
WHAT	What were discovered?	Hubble 's mirror were discovered
WHAT	What was a spectrograph designed to operate in the ultraviolet?	The GHRS was a spectrograph designed to operate in the ultraviolet
YN	Was safely de-orbiting Hubble to retrieve it using a space shuttle?	Yes
YN	Do it would have to withstand frequent passages from direct sunlight into the darkness of Earth's shadow?	Yes
YN	Do the Visionaries Who Built It?	Yes
WHAT	What is in the Space Place at the University of Wisconsin-Madison?	The HSP is in the Space Place at the University of Wisconsin-Madison
WHAT	What using Hubble data announced the discovery of the farthest known galaxy to date?	researchers using Hubble data announced the discovery of the farthest known galaxy to date
YN	Was the ground software needed to control Hubble not ready in 1986?	Yes
WHO	Who devoted much of his career to pushing for the development of a space telescope?	Spitzer devoted much of his career to pushing for the development of a space telescope
WHO	Who is one of the largest and most versatile?	Hubble is one of the largest and most versatile
WHAT	What is the upcoming Frontier Fields program?	One example is the upcoming Frontier Fields program
WHO	Who has contributed to studies of the behavior of graphite composite structures in vacuum?	Hubble has contributed to studies of the behavior of graphite composite structures in vacuum
WHAT	What called for Hubble to be serviced in February 2005?	Plans called for Hubble to be serviced in February 2005
WHAT	What had risen to US $ 1.175 billion?	the total project budget had risen to US $ 1.175 billion
WHAT	What maintains the custom-made Space Telescope Science Data Analysis System ( STSDAS ) software?	STScI maintains the custom-made Space Telescope Science Data Analysis System ( STSDAS ) software
WHAT	What had to be kept in a clean room?	The telescope had to be kept in a clean room
WHAT	What was no longer required?	COSTAR was no longer required
YN	Does Earth's atmosphere allow it to take extremely high-resolution images?	Yes
YN	Did establish at Garching bei München near Munich in 1984?	Yes
WHAT	What reveal galaxies billions of light years away?	The images reveal galaxies billions of light years away
YN	Does which then downlinks the science data to one of two 60-foot (18-meter) diameter high-gain microwave antennas located at the White Sands Test Facility in White Sands?	Yes
WHAT	What enabled by Hubble are the Hubble Deep Field?	the Universe enabled by Hubble are the Hubble Deep Field
YN	Did the Hubble observations occur on February 11?	Yes
WHAT	What operates the HubbleSite.org website?	STScI operates the HubbleSite.org website
WHAT	What are typically finalized only a few days in advance?	Observation schedules are typically finalized only a few days in advance
YN	Was Hubble designed to accommodate regular servicing and equipment upgrades while in orbit?	Yes
YN	Do hubble data can be analyzed using many different packages?	Yes
WHAT	What was fixed during Servicing Mission 4 in May 2009?	This power supply was fixed during Servicing Mission 4 in May 2009
YN	Had once the Space Telescope project been given the go-ahead?	Yes
WHAT	What requiring COSTAR had been replaced by instruments with their own corrective optics?	the original instruments requiring COSTAR had been replaced by instruments with their own corrective optics
WHAT	What using Hubble discovered a tiny fifth moon moving around icy Pluto?	US astronomers using Hubble discovered a tiny fifth moon moving around icy Pluto
YN	Is all Hubble data eventually made available via the Mikulski Archive for Space Telescopes at STScI?	Yes
WHAT	What led to something of a reduction in the scale of the project?	The funding issues led to something of a reduction in the scale of the project
WHAT	What is kept in hibernation?	NICMOS is kept in hibernation
WHAT	What was referred to as `` the largest project in the history of Hubble ''?	CANDELS was referred to as `` the largest project in the history of Hubble ''
YN	Was an orbiting solar telescope launched in 1962 by the United Kingdom as part of the Ariel space program?	Yes
WHAT	What flew aboard Endeavour in December 1993?	SM1 flew aboard Endeavour in December 1993
WHAT	What have been carried out?	research projects have been carried out
WHAT	What was added during Servicing Mission 1 in 1993?	the DF-224 was added during Servicing Mission 1 in 1993
WHAT	What questioned Perkin-Elmer 's managerial structure?	the time questioned Perkin-Elmer 's managerial structure
YN	Is Hubble's operation monitored 24 hours per day by four teams of flight controllers who make up Hubble's Flight Operations Team?	Yes
WHO	Who captured an image of the first-ever predicted reappearance of a supernova?	Hubble captured an image of the first-ever predicted reappearance of a supernova
WHAT	What were upgraded with added coprocessors?	The onboard computers were upgraded with added coprocessors
YN	Does the telescope determine the final performance?	Yes
WHAT	What had always incorporated servicing missions?	the telescope had always incorporated servicing missions
WHAT	What replaced all six gyroscopes?	The mission replaced all six gyroscopes
WHAT	What were also replaced?	their drive electronics were also replaced
WHAT	What extended the service contract for Hubble until June 2021?	NASA extended the service contract for Hubble until June 2021
WHAT	What runs as a module of IRAF?	The software runs as a module of IRAF
WHAT	What was initially canceled on safety grounds following the Columbia disaster ( 2003 )?	The fifth mission was initially canceled on safety grounds following the Columbia disaster ( 2003 )
WHAT	What began in 1979?	the Perkin-Elmer mirror began in 1979
WHAT	What have subsequently been awarded Nobel Prizes for their discovery?	these two groups have subsequently been awarded Nobel Prizes for their discovery
WHAT	What considered adding an external propulsion module to allow controlled re-entry?	NASA considered adding an external propulsion module to allow controlled re-entry
WHAT	What are created by combining separate monochrome images taken through different filters?	Color images are created by combining separate monochrome images taken through different filters
WHAT	What was made in August 2005?	The switch to this mode was made in August 2005
WHAT	What had originally been fully redundant?	The electronics had originally been fully redundant
WHO	Who helped to refine estimates of the age of the universe?	Hubble helped to refine estimates of the age of the universe
YN	Did a Hubble successor materialize as the Next Generation Space Telescope project?	Yes
WHAT	What is to fulfill HST outreach and education tasks for the European Space Agency?	HEIC 's mission is to fulfill HST outreach and education tasks for the European Space Agency
YN	Do a space-based telescope could observe infrared and ultraviolet light?	Yes
YN	Were Hubble's cumulative costs estimated to be about US $ 10 billion in 2010?	Yes
WHAT	What was removed and returned to Earth in 2009?	COSTAR was removed and returned to Earth in 2009
WHAT	What are preferred for studying high redshift and low-temperature objects?	These bands are preferred for studying high redshift and low-temperature objects
WHO	Who has also made significant contributions to aerospace engineering?	Hubble has also made significant contributions to aerospace engineering
YN	Had the telescope to be kept in a clean room?	Yes
WHAT	What were capable of reaching both HST and the ISS during the same mission?	no shuttles were capable of reaching both HST and the ISS during the same mission
YN	Do Hubble's four main instruments observe in the near ultraviolet?	Yes
WHAT	What were to be housed was another major engineering challenge?	instruments were to be housed was another major engineering challenge
WHAT	What keeps the working parts of the telescope firmly aligned?	a graphite-epoxy frame keeps the working parts of the telescope firmly aligned
WHAT	What was one of the most complex performed up until that date?	The mission was one of the most complex performed up until that date
WHAT	What are required for operation?	three gyroscopes are required for operation
WHAT	What had wanted to keep this function in-house?	NASA had wanted to keep this function in-house
YN	Did researchers using Hubble data announce the discovery of the farthest known galaxy to date?	Yes
WHAT	What has developed sophisticated software that automatically calibrates data?	STScI has developed sophisticated software that automatically calibrates data
WHAT	What has helped resolve some long-standing problems in astronomy?	Hubble has helped resolve some long-standing problems in astronomy
WHAT	What are selected?	Five premier multi-wavelength sky regions are selected
WHAT	What are hygroscopic?	graphite composites are hygroscopic
WHAT	What is eventually made available via the Mikulski Archive for Space Telescopes at STScI?	All Hubble data is eventually made available via the Mikulski Archive for Space Telescopes at STScI
WHAT	What failed in June 2006?	Surveys ( ACS ) main camera primary electronics failed in June 2006
WHAT	What was catastrophic?	This difference was catastrophic
YN	Has it always been important for the Space Telescope to capture the public's imagination?	Yes
YN	Does provide the public with high-quality images of the most interesting and striking objects observed?	Yes
YN	Did US astronomers using Hubble discover a tiny fifth moon moving around icy Pluto?	Yes
WHAT	What is intense?	the telescope is intense
YN	Was Hubble funded in the 1970s?	Yes
WHAT	What did allow time for engineers to perform extensive tests?	This delay did allow time for engineers to perform extensive tests
YN	Is the telescope an international collaboration between NASA?	Yes
YN	Is Hubble data encouraged as most of the data in the archives has not been processed into color imagery?	Yes
YN	Was Hubble's main mirror found to have been ground incorrectly?	Yes
WHAT	What were proposed as early as 1923?	Space telescopes were proposed as early as 1923
WHAT	What resulted in the mirror being ground very precisely but to the wrong shape?	the device resulted in the mirror being ground very precisely but to the wrong shape
WHAT	What was well characterized and stable?	The error was well characterized and stable
YN	Does hubble orbit the Earth in the extremely tenuous upper atmosphere?	Yes
WHAT	What were designed?	the way the HST 's instruments were designed
WHAT	What met congressmen and senators in person?	Many astronomers met congressmen and senators in person
WHAT	What contained eight charge-coupled device ( CCD ) chips divided between two cameras?	The instrument contained eight charge-coupled device ( CCD ) chips divided between two cameras
WHAT	What is now on permanent display at the National Air and Space Museum?	The Kodak mirror is now on permanent display at the National Air and Space Museum
WHAT	What has taken about five billion years to reach Earth?	the cluster has taken about five billion years to reach Earth
WHAT	What moves slowly over a period of eight weeks?	the CVZ moves slowly over a period of eight weeks
YN	Did Hubble's main data-handling unit fail in September 2008?	Yes