YN	Was the celestial pole about equally distant from α Ursae Minoris (Cynosura) and β Ursae Minoris (Kochab)?	Yes
WHAT	What lacks a bright star like Polaris to mark its position?	The south celestial pole lacks a bright star like Polaris to mark its position
YN	Is the naked-eye star nearest to the celestial south pole the faint Sigma Octantis?	Yes
WHO	Who is a little over two degrees away from Zeta Draconis?	Jupiter is a little over two degrees away from Zeta Draconis
WHAT	What beholde mooste this sterre?	therefore astronomers beholde mooste this sterre
YN	Is the Celestial south pole moving toward the Southern Cross?	Yes
YN	Does the North Star (Polaris) become evident in the title Cynosura seu Mariana Stella Polaris (i.e?	Yes
WHAT	What is only a couple of degrees from the south Celestial pole of Mars?	Kappa Velorum is only a couple of degrees from the south Celestial pole of Mars
YN	Was the star Beta Hydri the nearest bright star to the Celestial south pole?	Yes
WHAT	What are defined analogously?	other planets are defined analogously
WHAT	What is no longer visible from subtropical northern latitudes?	the constellation is no longer visible from subtropical northern latitudes
WHAT	What is also known as Lodestar?	Polaris is also known as Lodestar
WHAT	What have different pole stars because their axes are oriented differently?	Different planets have different pole stars because their axes are oriented differently
YN	Is the pole about 1° (as of 2000)?	Yes
WHAT	What is the closest star to the northern pole of Venus?	42 Draconis is the closest star to the northern pole of Venus
YN	Does the pole stars gradually change over time because the celestial poles exhibit a slow continuous drift through the star field?	Yes
WHAT	What is Gamma Velorum?	Its south pole star is Gamma Velorum
YN	Do the south Celestial pole will pass close to the stars Gamma Chamaeleontis (4200 AD)?	Yes
WHAT	What is the closest naked-eye star to the south Celestial pole?	Sigma Octantis is the closest naked-eye star to the south Celestial pole
YN	Did marian poetry publish by Nicolaus Lucensis (Niccolo Barsotti de Lucca) in 1655?	Yes
WHAT	What is a name of Polaris in the constellation Ursa Minor?	polar star is a name of Polaris in the constellation Ursa Minor
YN	Do the south Celestial pole will travel through the False Cross?	Yes
YN	Has North Star passed (and will pass) from one star to another in the remote past (and in the remote future)?	Yes
WHAT	What published by Nicolaus Lucensis ( Niccolo Barsotti de Lucca ) in 1655?	Marian poetry published by Nicolaus Lucensis ( Niccolo Barsotti de Lucca ) in 1655
WHAT	What takes about 25,770 years to complete a cycle?	the equinoxes takes about 25,770 years to complete a cycle
WHO	Who was the nearest bright star to the Celestial south pole?	the star Beta Hydri was the nearest bright star to the Celestial south pole
WHAT	What described the celestial pole as devoid of stars?	320 BC described the celestial pole as devoid of stars
WHAT	What is moving toward the Southern Cross?	The Celestial south pole is moving toward the Southern Cross
WHAT	What is the south pole star of the Moon?	Delta Doradus is the south pole star of the Moon
YN	Does the south celestial pole lack a bright star like Polaris to mark its position?	Yes
WHO	Who becomes the North Star again around 27,800 AD?	When Polaris becomes the North Star again around 27,800 AD
WHAT	What is the faint Sigma Octantis?	the naked-eye star nearest to the celestial south pole is the faint Sigma Octantis
YN	Do the celestial pole will be nearest Polaris in 2100 and will thereafter become more distant?	Yes
WHAT	What is the south pole star of Saturn?	Delta Octantis is the south pole star of Saturn
YN	Do pointing to where a southern pole star would be?	Yes
YN	Do a pole star may be any fixed star close to either celestial pole of any given planetary body?	Yes
YN	Is its south pole star Gamma Velorum?	Yes
YN	Is polar star a name of Polaris in the constellation Ursa Minor?	Yes
WHO	Who was associated with Marian veneration from an early time?	Polaris was associated with Marian veneration from an early time
WHO	Who was the North Star?	the constellation Draco was the North Star
WHO	Who was only 8 degrees from the south pole?	Achernar was only 8 degrees from the south pole