WHAT	What is treated as the Scorpion 's claws?	Libra is treated as the Scorpion 's claws
WHO	Who was discovered in 1781 by Charles Messier?	M80 was discovered in 1781 by Charles Messier
WHO	Who was formalised during Roman times?	Libra was formalised during Roman times
YN	Does Scorpius contain many bright stars?	Yes
WHAT	What is one of the constellations of the zodiac?	Scorpius is one of the constellations of the zodiac
WHAT	What is in Scorpius for just six days?	the sun is in Scorpius for just six days
WHAT	What grew chill as Phaeton flew too high and encountered the celestial scorpion?	the Earth grew chill as Phaeton flew too high and encountered the celestial scorpion
WHAT	What form a pattern like a longshoreman 's hook?	The constellation 's bright stars form a pattern like a longshoreman 's hook
WHO	Who was known to be a hunter herself she offered protection to all creatures?	Artemis was known to be a hunter herself she offered protection to all creatures
WHAT	What involving Scorpio without Orion?	another Greek story involving Scorpio without Orion
WHO	Who sent a scorpion to deal with Orion?	her mother Leto sent a scorpion to deal with Orion
WHAT	What is due to the constellation Ophiuchus?	the difference is due to the constellation Ophiuchus
WHAT	What battled and the scorpion killed Orion?	The pair battled and the scorpion killed Orion
WHAT	What associated with Scorpio almost invariably also contain a reference to Orion?	the myths associated with Scorpio almost invariably also contain a reference to Orion
YN	Is Scorpius one of the constellations of the zodiac?	Yes
WHO	Who wanted to drive his father 's Sun Chariot for a day?	Phaeton wanted to drive his father 's Sun Chariot for a day
YN	Is Scorpius one of the 48 constellations identified by the Greek astronomer Ptolemy in the second century?	Yes
WHAT	What is the fastest known nova with a period of about 10 years?	U Scorpii is the fastest known nova with a period of about 10 years
WHAT	What corresponds to the nakshatras Anuradha?	Scorpius corresponds to the nakshatras Anuradha
WHAT	What appeared in the 2016 movie Moana?	This constellation appeared in the 2016 movie Moana
WHO	Who tried to dissuade his son?	Helios tried to dissuade his son
WHAT	What called this constellation MUL.GIR.TAB?	The Babylonians called this constellation MUL.GIR.TAB
YN	Does Scorpius correspond to the nakshatras Anuradha?	Yes
YN	Is Scorpius known as the demigod Maui's Fishhook or Ka Makau Nui o Māui (meaning the Big Fishhook of Māui) and the name of fishhook was Manaiakalani?	Yes