YN	Does the word `` constellation '' seem to come from the Late Latin term cnstellti?	Yes
WHAT	What were added by Petrus Plancius including?	Another ten were added by Petrus Plancius including
WHAT	What have found the need to catalogue and position celestial bodies?	astronomers have found the need to catalogue and position celestial bodies
WHAT	What is also reflected in the Hebrew Bible?	the Neo-Babylonian zodiac is also reflected in the Hebrew Bible
WHAT	What has had a long tradition in accurately observing celestial phenomena?	ancient China astronomy has had a long tradition in accurately observing celestial phenomena
WHAT	What suggest that they built on older?	these catalogues suggest that they built on older
WHAT	What give the constellation?	Some astronomical naming systems give the constellation
WHAT	What was Greek letters used in mathematics?	constellation was Greek letters used in mathematics
WHAT	What has been lost?	Chen Zhuo 's work has been lost
WHAT	What differed go back into Antiquity?	southern star patterns differed go back into Antiquity
WHAT	What legend ruler?	separate paper magnitude legend ruler
WHAT	What were defined by the International Astronomical Union ( IAU ) in 1930?	the constellation boundaries were defined by the International Astronomical Union ( IAU ) in 1930
YN	Does southern constellation names remain neither definitive nor straight forward?	Yes
WHAT	What adopted the Babylonian system in the 4th century BC?	The Greeks adopted the Babylonian system in the 4th century BC
WHAT	What was broken up into three separate parts ( Carina?	Argo Navis was broken up into three separate parts ( Carina
WHAT	What appear near each other in the sky?	constellations appear near each other in the sky
WHAT	What were never universally adopted?	all the early constellations were never universally adopted
WHAT	What were traditionally used only by various cultures or single nations?	Others were traditionally used only by various cultures or single nations
WHAT	What are directly continued from the Ancient Near East?	twenty Ptolemaic constellations are directly continued from the Ancient Near East
WHAT	What were added much later during the 15th to mid-18th century?	the far southern sky were added much later during the 15th to mid-18th century
WHAT	What is used for any constellation that?	The term circumpolar constellation is used for any constellation that
WHAT	What are both asterisms?	the Hyades are both asterisms
WHAT	What were unsuccessful?	Some other modern proposals were unsuccessful
YN	Did their assigned stars also significantly differ in size and shape?	Yes
WHAT	What remained as merely curiosities for their nobility or sponsors?	constellations remained as merely curiosities for their nobility or sponsors
WHAT	What flourished during the Song dynasty?	Native Chinese astronomy flourished during the Song dynasty
WHAT	What includes portions of the constellations Carina and Vela?	The southern False Cross asterism includes portions of the constellations Carina and Vela
WHAT	What became prominent around 400BCE within Babylonian or Chaldean astronomy?	whose astrological divisions became prominent around 400BCE within Babylonian or Chaldean astronomy
WHAT	What included constellations by the French astronomers Pierre Lemonnier and Joseph Lalande?	Others included constellations by the French astronomers Pierre Lemonnier and Joseph Lalande
WHAT	What appeared later in many of the classical Greek constellations?	These groupings appeared later in many of the classical Greek constellations
WHAT	What is the Almagest by Ptolemy?	the Early Modern period is the Almagest by Ptolemy
WHAT	What identified various dark areas or dark nebulae in the Milky Way as animals?	the Inca civilization identified various dark areas or dark nebulae in the Milky Way as animals
WHAT	What is area-mapping?	this system is area-mapping
WHAT	What were conflated into a single system by Chen Zhuo?	the three schools were conflated into a single system by Chen Zhuo
WHAT	What have significantly changed throughout the centuries?	numerous constellations have significantly changed throughout the centuries
WHAT	What did not have clear borders between them?	these divisions did not have clear borders between them
WHAT	What south or north of the celestial equator are circumpolar constellations?	all constellations south or north of the celestial equator are circumpolar constellations
WHAT	What revising author as ( Ellen ) Dorrit Hoffleit?	the longest term revising author as ( Ellen ) Dorrit Hoffleit
WHAT	What showing all the now familiar constellations?	the zodiac showing all the now familiar constellations
YN	Were the constellation boundaries defined by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1930?	Yes
WHAT	What are more modern inventions?	Southern hemisphere constellations are more modern inventions
YN	Is a constellation a group of stars that are considered to form imaginary outlines or meaningful patterns on the celestial sphere?	Yes
WHAT	What legend ruler?	separate paper magnitude legend ruler
WHAT	What is that because of the precession of the equinoxes?	this early date is that because of the precession of the equinoxes
WHAT	What have survived in the form of star charts?	these constellations have survived in the form of star charts
YN	Is the term circumpolar constellation used for any constellation that?	Yes
WHAT	What crossing the southern constellations of both Carina and Vela?	the False Cross crossing the southern constellations of both Carina and Vela
WHAT	What legend ruler?	separate paper magnitude legend ruler
WHO	Who became simply Musca?	Musca Australis became simply Musca
WHAT	What were lost with the Destruction of the Library of Alexandria?	these origins were lost with the Destruction of the Library of Alexandria
WHAT	What representing the planets?	anthropomorphic figures representing the planets
WHAT	What have constellations that have mostly survived since Antiquity?	The northern skies have constellations that have mostly survived since Antiquity
WHAT	What consists of a number and the genitive form of the constellation name?	bright stars consists of a number and the genitive form of the constellation name
YN	Was constellation Greek letters used in mathematics?	Yes
WHAT	What are assigned to the zodiac?	Twelve important constellations are assigned to the zodiac
WHAT	What are called asterisms?	stars are called asterisms
WHAT	What remains neither definitive nor straight forward?	southern constellation names remains neither definitive nor straight forward