WHAT	What is approximately 1340 light years away from Earth?	Alnilam is approximately 1340 light years away from Earth
WHAT	What is a prominent constellation located on the celestial equator and visible throughout the world?	Orion is a prominent constellation located on the celestial equator and visible throughout the world
WHAT	What lies the quadruple star Eta Orionis?	Mintaka lies the quadruple star Eta Orionis
WHAT	What identified their legendary patriarch and founder Hayk with Orion?	The Armenians identified their legendary patriarch and founder Hayk with Orion
WHAT	What is losing mass quickly?	Alnilam is losing mass quickly
WHO	Who is normally visible in the night sky?	when Orion is normally visible in the night sky
WHO	Who is part of the Winter Circle asterism?	Rigel is part of the Winter Circle asterism
YN	Is Orion a prominent constellation located on the celestial equator and visible throughout the world?	Yes
WHAT	What lies well south of the ecliptic?	Orion lies well south of the ecliptic
WHAT	What is designated Epsilon Orionis?	Alnilam is designated Epsilon Orionis
WHO	Who was similar to that of Cicero?	Hyginus was similar to that of Cicero
WHAT	What make up the base?	Phi-2 Orionis make up the base
WHAT	What means `` the belt ''?	Its name means `` the belt ''
YN	Does Orion appear overhead in December around midnight and in the February evening sky?	Yes
WHAT	What is the westernmost of the three stars of Orion 's Belt?	Mintaka is the westernmost of the three stars of Orion 's Belt
WHAT	What are sometimes related to Orion?	the surrounding constellations are sometimes related to Orion
WHO	Who is also called Nair al-Saif?	Iota Orionis is also called Nair al-Saif
WHAT	What was designated Gamma Orionis by Johann Bayer?	Bellatrix was designated Gamma Orionis by Johann Bayer
WHAT	What is located on the celestial equator?	Orion is located on the celestial equator
WHO	Who represented his left and right knees?	Beta Orionis represented his left and right knees
WHO	Who was a gigantic?	which Orion was a gigantic
YN	Were Orion regarded as a god?	Yes
YN	Has Orion been recognized in numerous cultures around the world?	Yes
YN	Do Orion's brightest stars all lie at a large distance from the Earth on an astronomical scale—much farther away than Sirius?	Yes
WHO	Who was his head and Gamma?	Lambda Orionis was his head and Gamma
YN	Is Orion a prehistoric (Aurignacian) mammoth ivory carving found in a cave in the Ach valley in West Germany in 1979?	Yes
WHO	Who was said to be the son of Sah and Sopdet?	The god Sopdu was said to be the son of Sah and Sopdet
WHAT	What serves as Orion 's left shoulder?	Bellatrix serves as Orion 's left shoulder
WHAT	What was represented by Alpha Orionis?	His left shoulder was represented by Alpha Orionis
WHAT	What is 915 light years away and shines with magnitude 2.21?	Mintaka is 915 light years away and shines with magnitude 2.21
YN	Is Orion bordered by Taurus to the northwest?	Yes
YN	Is Orion most visible in the evening sky from January to March?	Yes
WHAT	What form a distinctive hourglass-shaped asterism?	Orion 's seven brightest stars form a distinctive hourglass-shaped asterism
WHO	Who is embedded in NGC 1999?	The variable star V380 Orionis is embedded in NGC 1999
WHAT	What is bordered by Taurus to the northwest?	Orion is bordered by Taurus to the northwest
WHO	Who used the constellation as its logo?	The defunct film distribution company Orion Pictures used the constellation as its logo
YN	Is Orion in the daytime sky and thus not visible at most latitudes?	Yes
WHO	Who appears overhead in December around midnight and in the February evening sky?	Orion appears overhead in December around midnight and in the February evening sky
WHAT	What is the Mira-type variable red giant U Orionis?	Chi1 is the Mira-type variable red giant U Orionis
WHAT	What has many newborn stars?	The Trapezium cluster has many newborn stars
WHO	Who was designated Kappa Orionis by Bayer?	Saiph was designated Kappa Orionis by Bayer
WHAT	What is a B-type blue supergiant?	Alnilam is a B-type blue supergiant
WHAT	What is very useful as an aid to locating other stars?	Orion is very useful as an aid to locating other stars
YN	Is Orion located on the celestial equator?	Yes
WHAT	What have estimated it to have been fashioned approximately 32,000 to 38,000 years ago?	Archaeologists have estimated it to have been fashioned approximately 32,000 to 38,000 years ago
WHAT	What lies Sigma Orionis?	Alnitak lies Sigma Orionis
YN	Do Orion will still be recognizable long after most of the other constellations—composed of relatively nearby stars—have distorted into new configurations?	Yes
WHAT	What surrounding Middle-earth?	J. R. R. Tolkien 's mythology surrounding Middle-earth
WHO	Who represented his belt?	Zeta represented his belt
YN	Is Orion an asterism within the constellation?	Yes
YN	Did represent the arm of a chief that was ripped off by the Thunder People as a punishment from the gods for his selfishness?	Yes
WHAT	What is known as the Hunter Meteor Shower?	the Orionid meteor shower is known as the Hunter Meteor Shower
WHO	Who rises before Sirius?	Orion rises before Sirius
WHAT	What is most visible in the evening sky from January to March?	Orion is most visible in the evening sky from January to March
WHAT	What is below the horizon even at midday?	the Sun is below the horizon even at midday
WHAT	What has also been used as a symbol in the modern world?	Orion has also been used as a symbol in the modern world
YN	Do a small telescope will reveal a wealth of interesting deep-sky objects?	Yes
YN	Has Orion also been used as a symbol in the modern world?	Yes
WHAT	What are Rigel ( Beta Orionis ) and Betelgeuse ( Alpha Orionis )?	Its brightest stars are Rigel ( Beta Orionis ) and Betelgeuse ( Alpha Orionis )
YN	Does Orion lie well south of the ecliptic?	Yes
WHO	Who drew Orion in a similar fashion to the modern depiction?	Cicero drew Orion in a similar fashion to the modern depiction
WHAT	What compose a small triangle that marks the head?	Three stars compose a small triangle that marks the head
WHAT	What is derived from its high temperature rather than its radius?	Bellatrix 's luminosity is derived from its high temperature rather than its radius
WHAT	What constitutes an eclipsing binary variable star?	The Mintaka system constitutes an eclipsing binary variable star
WHAT	What recounts Gaia 's rage at Orion?	One myth recounts Gaia 's rage at Orion
WHAT	What have varied greatly?	Orion have varied greatly
WHAT	What call this constellation Kabibona'kan?	The Ojibwa ( Chippewa ) Native Americans call this constellation Kabibona'kan
WHAT	What is represented by Theta Orionis and his left leg is represented by Lambda?	His right leg is represented by Theta Orionis and his left leg is represented by Lambda
YN	Does Orion rank twenty-sixth of the 88 constellations in size?	Yes
WHO	Who garnered the name Delta Orionis from Bayer?	Mintaka garnered the name Delta Orionis from Bayer
YN	: Job 9:9 ("He is the maker of the Bear and Orion"), Job 38:31 ("Can you loosen Orion's belt?	Yes
YN	Is when Orion normally visible in the night sky?	Yes
YN	Was Orion one of the 28 lunar mansions Sieu (Xiu) （宿）?	Yes
YN	Is Orion's Belt best visible in the night sky during the month of January around 9:00 pm?	Yes
WHAT	What tried to dispatch Orion with a scorpion?	The angry goddess tried to dispatch Orion with a scorpion
WHAT	What see Orion as a hunter?	the Chukchi people see Orion as a hunter
YN	Is Orion very useful as an aid to locating other stars?	Yes
WHAT	What has found its way into popular western culture?	sword has found its way into popular western culture
WHO	Who was known as al-jabbar?	Orion was known as al-jabbar
WHAT	What are luminous hot blue supergiants?	the stars are luminous hot blue supergiants
WHAT	What were regarded as a god?	Orion were regarded as a god
YN	Do Orion's seven brightest stars form a distinctive hourglass-shaped asterism?	Yes
WHAT	What is Halley 's Comet?	The shower 's parent body is Halley 's Comet
WHAT	What became Hyginus 's shield ( Omicron and Pi Orionis )?	Cicero 's animal skin became Hyginus 's shield ( Omicron and Pi Orionis )
WHAT	What is an asterism within the constellation?	Orion is an asterism within the constellation
WHAT	What is NGC 1999?	Orion is NGC 1999
WHO	Who was syncretized with Osiris?	Sah was syncretized with Osiris
YN	Did the defunct film distribution company Orion Pictures use the constellation as its logo?	Yes
WHAT	What has been recognized in numerous cultures around the world?	Orion has been recognized in numerous cultures around the world
WHAT	What is represented by Rigel?	The index finger is represented by Rigel
WHAT	What have followed these two models?	Arabic depictions have followed these two models
WHAT	What was sacred to Papshukal and Ninshubur?	The Babylonian constellation was sacred to Papshukal and Ninshubur
WHAT	What is marked by Meissa ( Lambda Orionis )?	The apex is marked by Meissa ( Lambda Orionis )
WHAT	What offered to marry the person who can retrieve his arm from the sky?	His daughter offered to marry the person who can retrieve his arm from the sky
WHAT	What are part of the larger Orion Molecular Cloud Complex?	these nebulae are part of the larger Orion Molecular Cloud Complex
WHO	Who is oriented south-upward?	Orion is oriented south-upward
WHAT	What is considered a B-type blue giant?	Bellatrix is considered a B-type blue giant
WHAT	What held an unidentified animal skin aloft in his right hand?	The Hunter held an unidentified animal skin aloft in his right hand
WHAT	What means Deer?	The Mriga means Deer
WHAT	What is associated with the variable star V351 Orionis?	M78 is associated with the variable star V351 Orionis
WHAT	What marks the elbow?	Mu Orionis marks the elbow
YN	Do Orion's stars will gradually move away from the constellation due to proper motion?	Yes