WHAT	What allude to?	its common names allude to
WHAT	What named Callisto?	a young woman named Callisto
WHAT	What is alive?	The animal is alive
WHAT	What was Helike?	the constellation was Helike
WHAT	What is a Sun-like star with a three-planet system?	47 Ursae Majoris is a Sun-like star with a three-planet system
WHO	Who painted it?	Vincent van Gogh painted it
WHAT	What means `` greater ( or larger ) she-bear ''?	Its Latin name means `` greater ( or larger ) she-bear ''
YN	Did also know as the Great Bear) is a constellation in the northern sky?	Yes
WHAT	What are a newly discovered meteor shower?	The Kappa Ursae Majorids are a newly discovered meteor shower
WHAT	What has been almost forgotten in Modern Finnish?	the name has been almost forgotten in Modern Finnish
WHAT	What is sometimes called with its old Finnish name?	the asterism is sometimes called with its old Finnish name
YN	Was Ursa Major also pictured as a bear by the Jewish peoples?	Yes
YN	Is Ursa Major visible throughout the year from most of the northern hemisphere?	Yes
WHO	Who has been seen as a bear?	Ursa Major has been seen as a bear
WHAT	What have been identified?	A few other such stars have been identified
WHAT	What found comfort with a widower?	seven sons found comfort with a widower
WHAT	What do not have long tails?	bears do not have long tails
YN	Is Ursa Major also pictured as the Starry Plough?	Yes
WHAT	What is a galaxy that is interacting gravitationally with M81?	M82 is a galaxy that is interacting gravitationally with M81
WHO	Who named their fourth album?	the American rock band Third Eye Blind named their fourth album
YN	Has Ursa Major been seen as a bear?	Yes
WHAT	What has a son named Arcas?	Callisto has a son named Arcas
WHAT	What is Ursa Major and her son?	Callisto is Ursa Major and her son
WHAT	What is referred to as `` the seven stars of the north ''?	the constellation is referred to as `` the seven stars of the north ''
WHAT	What are known as Lintang Wuluh?	ancient Javanese this brightest seven stars are known as Lintang Wuluh
WHAT	What is invisible?	the main asterism is invisible
WHAT	What is also pictured as the Starry Plough?	Ursa Major is also pictured as the Starry Plough
WHO	Who is the third-brightest star of Ursa Major?	Alkaid is the third-brightest star of Ursa Major
YN	Has Ursa Major been reconstructed as an Indo-European constellation?	Yes
WHAT	What is caused by its higher than usual rate of star formation?	Its bright white color is caused by its higher than usual rate of star formation
WHAT	What is projected to eventually move into a circular?	The 4-Jupiter mass planet is projected to eventually move into a circular
WHAT	What is the prototype of a class of contact binary variable stars?	W Ursae Majoris is the prototype of a class of contact binary variable stars
WHO	Who is known as Saptarshi?	Ursa Major is known as Saptarshi
WHAT	What referred to Ursa Major as `` maske ''?	The Wampanoag people ( Algonquian ) Native Americans referred to Ursa Major as `` maske ''
WHAT	What locates or get to the sky?	The hunt locates or get to the sky
YN	Does Ursa Major occupy a large area covering 1279.66 square degrees or 3.10% of the total sky?	Yes
WHAT	What conducted in 2003 indicates that its sole planet?	Research conducted in 2003 indicates that its sole planet
WHAT	What interpreted Alioth?	The Iroquois Native Americans interpreted Alioth
WHAT	What is a nearly face-on spiral galaxy 11.8 million light-years from Earth?	M81 is a nearly face-on spiral galaxy 11.8 million light-years from Earth
YN	Is Ursa Major known as Saptarshi?	Yes
WHAT	What is of magnitude 5.0 and is approximately 46 light-years from Earth?	The star is of magnitude 5.0 and is approximately 46 light-years from Earth
WHAT	What has been reconstructed as an Indo-European constellation?	Ursa Major has been reconstructed as an Indo-European constellation
YN	Is Ursa Major primarily known from the asterism of its main seven relatively bright stars comprising the `` Big Dipper ''?	Yes
WHAT	What have regions with extensive star formation and have strong ultraviolet emissions?	Its spiral arms have regions with extensive star formation and have strong ultraviolet emissions
WHAT	What is visible throughout the year from most of the northern hemisphere?	Ursa Major is visible throughout the year from most of the northern hemisphere