WHAT	What celebrated the heliacal setting of Sirius around April 25?	The Romans celebrated the heliacal setting of Sirius around April 25
YN	Is Sirius also known colloquially as the `` Dog Star ''?	Yes
WHO	Who mapped the stars in Books VII and VIII of his Almagest?	Alexandria mapped the stars in Books VII and VIII of his Almagest
YN	Is Sirius one of the 27 stars on the flag of Brazil?	Yes
WHAT	What was first noted by amateur astronomer Thomas Barker?	The discrepancy was first noted by amateur astronomer Thomas Barker
YN	Were Sirius noted to have moved significantly?	Yes
WHO	Who is depicted as a white horse?	Tishtrya is depicted as a white horse
WHAT	What is packed into a volume roughly equal to the Earth 's?	This mass is packed into a volume roughly equal to the Earth 's
YN	Did Sirius stand for 'the place?	Yes
YN	Does the Sirius binary system bring the two stars to a minimum angular separation of 3 arcseconds and a maximum of 11 arcseconds?	Yes
YN	Has Sirius over 50 other designations and names attached to it?	Yes
WHO	Who had several associations?	Nebraska had several associations
WHAT	What was listed by Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa?	Its astrological symbol was listed by Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa
WHAT	What has been known as Lokabrenna ( `` burning done by Loki ''?	the star has been known as Lokabrenna ( `` burning done by Loki ''
YN	Do Sirius may instead be a member of the proposed Sirius Supercluster?	Yes
WHAT	What has evolved from the main sequence and then passed through a red-giant stage?	the star has evolved from the main sequence and then passed through a red-giant stage
YN	Has Sirius A a mass of 2 M☉?	Yes
WHAT	What has been reported as A0mA1 Va?	The spectral type has been reported as A0mA1 Va
WHAT	What named Sirius as Warepil?	northwestern Victoria named Sirius as Warepil
WHAT	What continued to note the times of Sirius 's annual return?	The Egyptians continued to note the times of Sirius 's annual return
WHAT	What called it `` Moon Dog ''?	the Bering Strait called it `` Moon Dog ''
WHAT	What following the star 's reappearance came to be known as the dog days?	The season following the star 's reappearance came to be known as the dog days
YN	Is Sirius featured on the coat of arms of Macquarie University?	Yes
YN	Is Sirius called Yoonir from the Serer language (and some of the Cangin language speakers?	Yes
WHO	Who stood for 'the place?	Sirius stood for 'the place
YN	Is Sirius A classed as an Am star because the spectrum shows deep metallic absorption lines?	Yes
YN	Does Sirius match the latitude of the archipelago of Fiji at 17°S and thus passes directly over the islands each night?	Yes
WHAT	What have historically attached special significance to Sirius?	Many cultures have historically attached special significance to Sirius
YN	Did consume its resources and became a red giant before shedding its outer layers and collapsing into its current state as a white dwarf around 120 million years ago?	Yes
WHAT	What was confirmed on March 8 with smaller telescopes?	Sirius B 's sighting was confirmed on March 8 with smaller telescopes
YN	Does who currently play in the top tier Allsvenskan?	Yes
YN	Is Sirius recorded in the earliest astronomical records?	Yes
YN	Is Sirius B one of the more massive white dwarfs known?	Yes
YN	Have Sirius B may enriched the metallicity of its companion?	Yes
WHAT	What are more easily met in the Southern Hemisphere?	These observing conditions are more easily met in the Southern Hemisphere
WHO	Who concluded after his research among the Dogon that?	Current Anthropology anthropologist Walter van Beek concluded after his research among the Dogon that
YN	Do Sirius will no longer be visible from northern and central Europe?	Yes
WHAT	What is now sometimes known as Sirius A?	The visible star is now sometimes known as Sirius A
YN	Does the Sirius system contain two of the eight nearest stars to the Solar System (not including the Sun)?	Yes
WHAT	What suggest that the star formed during the collapsing of a molecular cloud?	Stellar models suggest that the star formed during the collapsing of a molecular cloud
YN	Was Sirius B once the more massive of the two?	Yes
WHAT	What is between 200 and 300 million years old?	The system is between 200 and 300 million years old
WHAT	What is a relatively low 16 km/s?	The projected rotational velocity is a relatively low 16 km/s
YN	Was this occurred when Sirius B less than half its current age?	Yes
YN	Is the star Sirius one of the most important and sacred stars in Serer religious cosmology and symbolism?	Yes
YN	Is Sirius visible from almost everywhere on Earth?	Yes
WHAT	What is featured on the coat of arms of Macquarie University?	Sirius is featured on the coat of arms of Macquarie University
WHAT	What separating Sirius A from its companion varies between 8.2 and 31.5 AU?	The distance separating Sirius A from its companion varies between 8.2 and 31.5 AU
WHAT	What had described Sirius as being of a deeper red than Mars?	Seneca had described Sirius as being of a deeper red than Mars
WHO	Who has over 50 other designations and names attached to it?	Sirius has over 50 other designations and names attached to it
YN	Does Sirius appear bright because of its intrinsic luminosity and its proximity to Earth?	Yes
YN	Does credit them with knowledge of the four Galilean moons of Jupiter and the rings of Saturn?	Yes
WHO	Who published an account of an 8th-century Lombardic manuscript?	Werner Bergmann published an account of an 8th-century Lombardic manuscript
WHO	Who is recorded in the earliest astronomical records?	Sirius is recorded in the earliest astronomical records
WHAT	What adopted a value of 0.25 arcseconds for much of the 19th century?	Astronomers adopted a value of 0.25 arcseconds for much of the 19th century
YN	Is Sirius a circumpolar star from latitudes south of 73° S. From the Southern Hemisphere in early July?	Yes
YN	Is Sirius gradually moving closer to the Solar System?	Yes
WHO	Who was once the more massive of the two?	Sirius B was once the more massive of the two
WHAT	What became convective and used the CNO cycle for energy generation?	The core became convective and used the CNO cycle for energy generation
WHAT	What thought that Sirius 's emanations could affect dogs adversely?	The Ancient Greeks thought that Sirius 's emanations could affect dogs adversely
WHAT	What is a binary star system?	a single star is a binary star system
YN	Was Sirius B's sighting confirmed on March 8 with smaller telescopes?	Yes
WHAT	What is one of the more massive white dwarfs known?	Sirius B is one of the more massive white dwarfs known
YN	Did Sirius serve as the body of a `` Great Bird '' constellation called Manu?	Yes
YN	Have Sirius would been noted to twinkle more in the unsettled weather conditions of early summer?	Yes
WHO	Who examined the spectrum of the star and observed a red shift?	Sir William Huggins examined the spectrum of the star and observed a red shift
WHAT	What was thought to place them at risk of desiccation and disease?	hot weather was thought to place them at risk of desiccation and disease
WHAT	What is 25,200 K. Because there is no internal heat source?	The current surface temperature is 25,200 K. Because there is no internal heat source
WHAT	What has been estimated at around 230 million years?	the system has been estimated at around 230 million years
WHAT	What is widely used on medieval astrolabes from Western Europe?	This name is widely used on medieval astrolabes from Western Europe
WHAT	What called Sirius variously Taurua-fau-papa?	the Society Islands called Sirius variously Taurua-fau-papa
WHAT	What have been raised about the validity of Griaule and Dieterlein 's work?	Doubts have been raised about the validity of Griaule and Dieterlein 's work
YN	Does form one of the three vertices of the Winter Triangle to observers in the Northern Hemisphere?	Yes
WHAT	What has been detected on the surface of Sirius A?	A weak magnetic field has been detected on the surface of Sirius A
WHAT	What is pointed at the wolf Sirius?	the arrow tip is pointed at the wolf Sirius
WHAT	What is also known colloquially as the `` Dog Star ''?	Sirius is also known colloquially as the `` Dog Star ''
YN	Was Sirius A first measured by Robert Hanbury Brown and Richard Q. Twiss in 1959 at Jodrell Bank using their stellar intensity interferometer?	Yes
YN	Did the morning sky mark summer in Greece?	Yes
WHAT	What emits a higher than expected level of infrared radiation?	The system emits a higher than expected level of infrared radiation
YN	Did Sirius become the first star to have its velocity measured?	Yes
WHAT	What is a frequent subject of science fiction?	Sirius is a frequent subject of science fiction
YN	Is Sirius the brightest star system in the night sky?	Yes
WHO	Who served as the body of a `` Great Bird '' constellation called Manu?	Sirius served as the body of a `` Great Bird '' constellation called Manu
WHO	Who appears bright because of its intrinsic luminosity and its proximity to Earth?	Sirius appears bright because of its intrinsic luminosity and its proximity to Earth
YN	Is Sirius B now almost pure hydrogen—the element with the lowest mass—and no other elements are seen in its spectrum?	Yes
WHAT	What visualized a large bow and arrow across the southern sky?	The ancient Chinese visualized a large bow and arrow across the southern sky
YN	Is Sirius A about twice as massive as the Sun (M☉) and has an absolute visual magnitude of 1.42?	Yes
YN	Does Sirius appear dimmer than Jupiter and Venus always?	Yes
YN	Is Sirius a frequent subject of science fiction?	Yes
WHO	Who described Sirius as reddish?	the Roman period Claudius Ptolemy described Sirius as reddish
WHAT	What saw Sirius as red?	Not all ancient observers saw Sirius as red
WHAT	What are an ethnic group in Mali?	The Dogon people are an ethnic group in Mali
WHO	Who described it as `` sea-blue ''?	The 1st-century poet Marcus Manilius described it as `` sea-blue ''
YN	Was Sirius a Behenian fixed star?	Yes
WHAT	What is the main reason for its brightness?	This proximity is the main reason for its brightness
WHAT	What was also adopted by Mitsubishi Motors for the Mitsubishi Sirius engine in 1980?	The name was also adopted by Mitsubishi Motors for the Mitsubishi Sirius engine in 1980
WHO	Who included Palolo-mua ( Futuna )?	Sirius included Palolo-mua ( Futuna )
WHAT	What have been called HMS Sirius since the 18th century?	Great Britain 's Royal Navy have been called HMS Sirius since the 18th century
WHAT	What occurred in 1994 and the pair have since been moving apart?	A periastron occurred in 1994 and the pair have since been moving apart
WHAT	What replied that it was likely St. Gregory had been referring to Arcturus?	Other scholars replied that it was likely St. Gregory had been referring to Arcturus
WHO	Who were noted to have moved significantly?	Sirius were noted to have moved significantly
WHO	Who became the first star to have its velocity measured?	Sirius became the first star to have its velocity measured
YN	Does Sirius appear as Tishtrya and is revered as the rain-maker divinity (Tishtar of New Persian poetry)?	Yes
WHAT	What represents Rudra ( Shiva )?	the star represents Rudra ( Shiva )
WHO	Who appears dimmer than Jupiter and Venus always?	Sirius appears dimmer than Jupiter and Venus always
WHO	Who had various names?	Sirius had various names
WHAT	What had many names for Sirius?	The Hawaiian people had many names for Sirius
WHAT	What have been observed?	the Sirius system have been observed
YN	Have the Sirius system been observed?	Yes
WHAT	What is gradually moving closer to the Solar System?	Sirius is gradually moving closer to the Solar System
YN	Is the closest large neighbouring star to Sirius Procyon?	Yes
WHAT	What passages in the sacred texts of the Avesta?	Beside passages in the sacred texts of the Avesta
WHAT	What is depicted at the Temple of Hathor in Dendera?	A similar association is depicted at the Temple of Hathor in Dendera
WHAT	What have been recorded?	Many other Polynesian names have been recorded
WHAT	What was marked by celebration in Hawaii?	the winter solstice was marked by celebration in Hawaii
YN	Is Sirius described within as rubeola — `` reddish ''?	Yes
YN	Was Sirius receding from the Solar System at about 40 km/s?	Yes
YN	Do Sirius can be observed in daylight with the naked eye under the right conditions?	Yes
YN	Did Sirius mark the flooding of the Nile in Ancient Egypt and the `` dog days '' of summer for the ancient Greeks?	Yes
YN	Is the Sirius system one of Earth's near neighbours?	Yes
WHAT	What is unlikely to be true of the entire star?	metallic elements is unlikely to be true of the entire star
WHO	Who was a Behenian fixed star?	Sirius was a Behenian fixed star
WHAT	What published in 2008 were unable to detect either a third star or a planet?	Observations published in 2008 were unable to detect either a third star or a planet
WHAT	What is one of the 27 stars on the flag of Brazil?	Sirius is one of the 27 stars on the flag of Brazil