WHO	Who described Togepi as a useless egg-like creature?	Fellow GamesRadar editor Raymond Padilla described Togepi as a useless egg-like creature
WHAT	What is Togekiss?	final evolution is Togekiss
YN	Does Togepi star in its own minigame called `` Tumbling Togepi ''?	Yes
YN	Has Togepi received somewhat positive reception?	Yes
YN	Is Togepi one of the first second generation Pokémon revealed before the release of Pokémon Gold and Silver?	Yes
YN	Has Togepi been featured in several pieces of promotional merchandise?	Yes
WHO	Who picked up on some of his gambling habits as an egg?	Gold 's Togepi picked up on some of his gambling habits as an egg
YN	Was Togepi among the first of the new Pokémon from Pokémon Gold and Silver to appear in the anime?	Yes
WHAT	What has angry facial expressions and is quite violent?	this one has angry facial expressions and is quite violent
WHAT	What has been featured in several pieces of promotional merchandise?	Togepi has been featured in several pieces of promotional merchandise
YN	Did Gold's Togepi pick up on some of his gambling habits as an egg?	Yes
YN	Did another Togepi appear in the episode ``?	Yes
YN	Does Togepi also appear in all Super Smash Bros. games since Melee as a Poké Ball summon?	Yes
YN	Did Togepi make its video game debut in Pokémon Gold and Silver alongside its first evolution Togetic?	Yes
YN	Was Togepi also featured as a part of a promotion between Nintendo and Eggo?	Yes
WHAT	What grows inseparable to her Togepi and carries it around everywhere?	Misty grows inseparable to her Togepi and carries it around everywhere
YN	Has Togepi also been featured several times as part of the Pokémon Trading Card Game?	Yes
YN	Did Togepi first appear in the Pokémon anime?	Yes
WHO	Who was also featured as a part of a promotion between Nintendo and Eggo?	Togepi was also featured as a part of a promotion between Nintendo and Eggo
YN	Is Togepi capable of evolving twice?	Yes
YN	Does Togepi evolve into a Togetic to protect the `` Mirage Kingdom ''?	Yes
WHAT	What evolves into a Togetic to protect the `` Mirage Kingdom ''?	Togepi evolves into a Togetic to protect the `` Mirage Kingdom ''
YN	Was Togepi a favourite since it first appeared in the episode `` Attack of the Prehistoric Pokémon ''?	Yes
WHAT	What is capable of evolving twice?	Togepi is capable of evolving twice
YN	Did Togepi gain its second and final evolution called Togekiss?	Yes
WHAT	What have to wobble 100-yards down the field avoiding all kinds of objects?	Players have to wobble 100-yards down the field avoiding all kinds of objects
YN	Has Togepi stubby hands and round feet with two toes each?	Yes
WHAT	What do not deal any damage to Arceus?	their attacks do not deal any damage to Arceus
YN	Do making a sleeping Togepi stand up is said to bring happiness?	Yes
WHAT	What is filled with joy?	Togepi is filled with joy
YN	Did Togepi appear on the side of a 747-400 airplane?	Yes
YN	Has this one angry facial expressions and is quite violent?	Yes
WHAT	What has stubby hands and round feet with two toes each?	Togepi has stubby hands and round feet with two toes each
WHAT	What is Togetic?	Its first evolution is Togetic
YN	Was Togepi a good Pokémon for Pokémon fans who fantasize about taking care of babies?	Yes
YN	It hatches into a Togepi in "Who Gets to Keep Togepi?	Yes
WHAT	What is further referenced with its newly acquired empathy?	Its dove-like design is further referenced with its newly acquired empathy
YN	Does Togepi appear in a dungeon crawling mini-game in Pokémon minis called Togepi's Great Adventure?	Yes
YN	Does Togepi first appear as a mystery egg given to the player by a minor character called `` Mr. Pokémon ''?	Yes
WHO	Who appeared in the episode ``?	Another Togepi appeared in the episode ``
WHAT	What decides to let it stay and protect the Mirage Kingdom?	Misty decides to let it stay and protect the Mirage Kingdom
WHO	Who travels to Hoenn to meet up with Ash?	Misty travels to Hoenn to meet up with Ash
YN	Do trying to stop Arceus from rampaging?	Yes