YN	Did Jigglypuff rank third on GameDaily's `` Pretty in Pink Video Game Characters '' article?	Yes
YN	Did Jigglypuff's receive second place and was released as volume 2?	Yes
YN	Is Jigglypuff shaped like a round ball?	Yes
YN	Was Jigglypuff upset because it could not sing?	Yes
WHAT	What is rubbery and stretchy?	Its skin is rubbery and stretchy
WHO	Who ranked third on GameDaily 's `` Pretty in Pink Video Game Characters '' article?	Jigglypuff ranked third on GameDaily 's `` Pretty in Pink Video Game Characters '' article
YN	Was Jigglypuff also on the nose of the international version of the plane?	Yes
YN	Do Jigglypuff's singing can often prove problematic to the series' protagonists?	Yes
WHAT	What fall asleep before the song finishes?	most potential audiences fall asleep before the song finishes
YN	Did Jigglypuff appear on the starboard nose of the original white 1998 aircraft?	Yes
WHAT	What has been made into several different toy and plush forms?	Jigglypuff has been made into several different toy and plush forms
YN	Has Jigglypuff appeared in Pokémon Pinball?	Yes
YN	Does Jigglypuff first appear as one of the 151 species of Pokémon in the Pokémon Red and Blue Versions?	Yes
WHAT	What has proven a popular character since its introduction?	Jigglypuff has proven a popular character since its introduction
YN	Is Jigglypuff voiced by Rachael Lillis in English and by Mika Kanai in Japanese?	Yes
YN	Does calling Jigglypuff's anime appearances `` totally badass '' while also criticizing its unoriginal?	Yes
WHAT	What named Mimi owns a Jigglypuff?	a girl named Mimi owns a Jigglypuff
YN	Was instead Jigglypuff knocked away by the energy of their battle?	Yes
WHAT	What complained that Jigglypuff 's portrayal in the anime quickly becomes irritating?	Mania.com complained that Jigglypuff 's portrayal in the anime quickly becomes irritating
YN	Did Jigglypuff sing to two gigantic Pokémon battling each other?	Yes
WHAT	What is exposed to a Moon Stone?	When a Jigglypuff is exposed to a Moon Stone
YN	Is Jigglypuff a recurring character who aspires to be a great singer after the inspiration of Ash and company?	Yes
YN	Did know in Japan as Purin (プリン)?	Yes
YN	Are Jigglypuff characterized by putting their enemies to sleep by singing a lullaby?	Yes
YN	Did which angrily dig into Ash's backpack and pulled out a marker which it used to draw on the faces of everyone who fell asleep?	Yes
YN	Is when a Jigglypuff exposed to a Moon Stone?	Yes
WHO	Who cited Jigglypuff as a tool to use for introducing children to drama?	Literacy cited Jigglypuff as a tool to use for introducing children to drama
YN	Is Jigglypuff's Magic Lullaby part of the Pokémon Tales series for very young children?	Yes
YN	Is Jigglypuff the only character that is unlockable in all four games except in the Wii U version of the game?	Yes
WHO	Who appeared on the starboard nose of the original white 1998 aircraft?	Jigglypuff appeared on the starboard nose of the original white 1998 aircraft
WHAT	What puts them to sleep?	her song puts them to sleep
WHO	Who is referred as an `` it?	Jigglypuff is referred as an `` it
WHAT	What is a combination of the words `` jiggly '' and `` puff ''?	Its name is a combination of the words `` jiggly '' and `` puff ''
YN	Is Jigglypuff referred as an `` it?	Yes
YN	Has Jigglypuff proven a popular character since its introduction?	Yes
WHAT	What are changed entirely?	Rest 's mechanics are changed entirely
WHAT	What is voiced by Rachael Lillis in English and by Mika Kanai in Japanese?	Jigglypuff is voiced by Rachael Lillis in English and by Mika Kanai in Japanese
YN	Is Jigglypuff often featured on products?	Yes
WHAT	What are characterized by putting their enemies to sleep by singing a lullaby?	Jigglypuff are characterized by putting their enemies to sleep by singing a lullaby
WHO	Who wrote that Jigglypuff was popular among girls?	Author Harry Schlesinger wrote that Jigglypuff was popular among girls
YN	Is Jigglypuff parodied by a Marill?	Yes
YN	Did attributing say popularity to both the immediate attraction of children to its pink color and its contrast to Pokémon species more popular with young males?	Yes
WHAT	What are Sing?	its Super Smash Bros. appearances are Sing
YN	Did Jigglypuff first appear in the video games Pokémon Red and Blue and subsequent sequels?	Yes
YN	Is Jigglypuff a playable character in all four Super Smash Bros. games?	Yes
WHAT	What is exposed to a Moon Stone?	When a Jigglypuff is exposed to a Moon Stone
YN	Is when a Jigglypuff exposed to a Moon Stone?	Yes
YN	Has Jigglypuff been made into several different toy and plush forms?	Yes
YN	Has Jigglypuff received generally positive reception?	Yes
WHO	Who was also on the nose of the international version of the plane?	Jigglypuff was also on the nose of the international version of the plane
WHO	Who tried to capture it with the help of her Staryu?	Misty tried to capture it with the help of her Staryu
YN	Is Jigglypuff portrayed by Leah Smith?	Yes
WHAT	What is a playable character in all four Super Smash Bros. games?	Jigglypuff is a playable character in all four Super Smash Bros. games