YN	Did know in Japan as Gangar (ゲンガー?	Yes
WHAT	What placed Gengar at number 3 in top ten Ghosts in video game history?	ScrewAttack placed Gengar at number 3 in top ten Ghosts in video game history
YN	Is Gengar the first of its evolutions to have hands and legs connected to its body?	Yes
WHAT	What notices the sudden change in the movement of their shadow and becomes afraid?	When the victim notices the sudden change in the movement of their shadow and becomes afraid
YN	Is Gengar a dark-purple Pokémon with a roundish body?	Yes
WHAT	What spends much of the game causing trouble?	Gengar spends much of the game causing trouble
YN	Has Gengar appeared in the Pokémon Ranger games?	Yes
YN	Are notable trainers that use Gengar Agatha of the Kanto Elite Four?	Yes
YN	Is Gengar the most evolved of the three Ghost Pokémon in the First Generation?	Yes
YN	Does Gengar spend much of the game causing trouble?	Yes
WHO	Who were made in a partnership between Nintendo and Kellogg 's?	chocolate chip-flavoured Eggo Waffles were made in a partnership between Nintendo and Kellogg 's
YN	Have Gengar the ability to lay curses on their foe?	Yes
YN	Do live in shadows of rooms?	Yes
YN	Was Mega Gengar difficult to render in 3D due to some of the things it was going to do?	Yes
WHAT	What have the ability to lay curses on their foe?	Gengar have the ability to lay curses on their foe
YN	Is Gengar an NPC in PokéPark Wii?	Yes
WHAT	What have praised its abilities and style?	Official Nintendo Magazine have praised its abilities and style
WHAT	What has been well received by the media?	Gengar has been well received by the media
YN	Has Gengar also a spike-covered back?	Yes
WHAT	What was released by Mattel Interactive in 2000?	A Gengar-themed mini-CD-ROM was released by Mattel Interactive in 2000
YN	Does Gengar steal the heat from the area around it?	Yes
YN	Has Gengar been well received by the media?	Yes
YN	Was another Gengar seen at the beginning of the FireRed and LeafGreen saga in Volume 23?	Yes
WHO	Who criticized its Mega form?	Patricia Hernandez criticized its Mega form
YN	Did a Gengar appear under the ownership of Ecruteak City Gym Leader Morty in `` A Ghost Of A Chance ''?	Yes
YN	Did Gengar originally appear in the manga Capsule Monsters?	Yes
YN	Is Gengar a playable character in Pokkén Tournament?	Yes
YN	Do Gengar can lick victims with its tongue and paralyze them?	Yes
YN	Are Gengar voiced in Japanese by Kōichi Sakaguchi and in English localizations by Ted Lewis?	Yes
WHO	Who spent some unexpected time with the ghostly trio?	Ash spent some unexpected time with the ghostly trio
WHO	Who noted it as a `` cult favourite '' of the ONM staff?	Editor Thomas East noted it as a `` cult favourite '' of the ONM staff
YN	Do Gengar can become Mega Gengar?	Yes
WHAT	What is usually curled into a wicked grin?	Its mouth is usually curled into a wicked grin
YN	Was Gengar's Pokémon series debut in Pokémon Red and Blue?	Yes