WHAT	What has a distinctly feline appearance?	Meowth has a distinctly feline appearance
WHO	Who were owned by Alolan royalty in the past?	Alolan Meowth were owned by Alolan royalty in the past
YN	Has Meowth appeared in the Pokémon Trading Card Game first in the Jungle series?	Yes
YN	Was this Meowth dressed up like Puss in Boots?	Yes
YN	Did (S14E43) Meowth temporarily join the protagonists Ash?	Yes
WHO	Who were drawn from a Japanese myth dealing with the true value of money?	Meowth were drawn from a Japanese myth dealing with the true value of money
YN	Did so Meowth join Team Rocket?	Yes
YN	Is Meowth an urban nocturnal Pokémon?	Yes
WHO	Who exerted so much effort into being able to talk?	Meowth exerted so much effort into being able to talk
WHAT	What has had mixed reception?	Meowth has had mixed reception
YN	Is Meowth voiced by Inuko Inuyama in Japanese?	Yes
WHAT	What named Tyson owns a Meowth?	A trainer named Tyson owns a Meowth
WHAT	What loves round objects?	Meowth loves round objects
YN	Does when a Meowth receive enough experience from battles?	Yes
YN	Is Meowth's first appearance a cameo in the first chapter as one of the Pokémon that escapes from Professor Oak's Laboratory?	Yes
YN	Has Meowth a distinctly feline appearance?	Yes
YN	Does Meowth appear in The Electric Tale of Pikachu manga series along with his teammates Jessie and James?	Yes
YN	Are Meowth valued for their ability to collect coins using their signature move?	Yes
YN	Were Alolan Meowth owned by Alolan royalty in the past?	Yes
YN	Is Meowth based on the Japanese Maneki Neko?	Yes
YN	Has Meowth appearances in the Super Smash Bros. series (excluding Melee) as a Pokémon summoned via a Poké Ball item and uses its signature move?	Yes
WHO	Who finds Meowth 's ability to speak human language `` creepy ''?	Meowzie finds Meowth 's ability to speak human language `` creepy ''
WHAT	What collects the objects at every opportunity and hoards in its nest?	Meowth collects the objects at every opportunity and hoards in its nest
YN	Is Meowth among the most recognizable Pokémon?	Yes
WHO	Who is based on the Japanese Maneki Neko?	Meowth is based on the Japanese Maneki Neko
WHAT	What stated that without the anime?	IGN stated that without the anime
YN	Did Meowth exert so much effort into being able to talk?	Yes
YN	Was a special Meowth card available with purchase of Pokémon Trading Card Video Game?	Yes
WHAT	What was renamed Meowth?	the species was renamed Meowth
YN	Were Meowth drawn from a Japanese myth dealing with the true value of money?	Yes
WHAT	What receives enough experience from battles?	When a Meowth receives enough experience from battles
YN	Does Meowth collect the objects at every opportunity and hoards in its nest?	Yes
WHAT	What evolves into Persian?	Meowth evolves into Persian
YN	Does Meowth also appear in the Nintendo 64 game Pokémon Snap?	Yes
WHAT	What described Meowth as `` not all that useful ''?	GamesRadar described Meowth as `` not all that useful ''
WHAT	What based on Meowzie appears?	an unnamed Meowth based on Meowzie appears
YN	Did Meowth rank fourth on Game Daily's top 10 list of Nintendo characters that deserve their own games?	Yes
YN	Does Meowth first appear as a version exclusive Pokémon in Pokémon Blue?	Yes
WHO	Who was dressed up like Puss in Boots?	This Meowth was dressed up like Puss in Boots
YN	Has a specific male Meowth made an appearance in almost every episode in the anime as the constant companion of Team Rocket agents Jessie and James?	Yes
YN	Did an unnamed Meowth base on Meowzie appears?	Yes
YN	Does the episode `` Go West Young Meowth '' show the character's backstory?	Yes
WHAT	What is voiced by Inuko Inuyama in Japanese?	Meowth is voiced by Inuko Inuyama in Japanese
WHO	Who wrote that Meowth was popular among girls?	Author Harry Schlesinger wrote that Meowth was popular among girls
YN	Did Meowth first appear in the video games Pokémon Red and Blue and subsequent sequels?	Yes
YN	Has Meowth a unique Alolan Form?	Yes
YN	Is Meowth one of the playable characters in the Pokémon Mystery Dungeon games?	Yes
YN	Is the Meowth clone encountered again in Pokémon?	Yes