YN	Does another Charizard appear in Pokémon X and Y?	Yes
YN	Has Charizard appeared many times throughout the Super Smash Bros. series?	Yes
YN	Is Charizard the evolved form of Charmeleon and the final evolution of Charmander?	Yes
WHO	Who has appeared many times throughout the Super Smash Bros. series?	Charizard has appeared many times throughout the Super Smash Bros. series
YN	Has shown to be powerful by defeating 10 Mega Evolutions in a row and defeating Ash's Greninja?	Yes
YN	Has Charizard received positive reception from the media?	Yes
WHAT	What covers Ash and his companions finding the abandoned Charmander?	The story covers Ash and his companions finding the abandoned Charmander
YN	Does Charizard battle against Saur and is nearly knocked out?	Yes
YN	Is the most notable Charizard one Ash Ketchum has had since he was a Charmander abandoned by his former owner Damian?	Yes
WHAT	What become trapped inside the Trainer Tower in the Sevii Islands?	The three trainers become trapped inside the Trainer Tower in the Sevii Islands
YN	Do Charizard should leave his team forever?	Yes
WHAT	What have two wings that are teal?	Charizards have two wings that are teal
YN	Did Red's Charizard go through Mega Evolution and became Mega Charizard X?	Yes
YN	Did Red's Charizard help its trainer defeat Team Rocket?	Yes
YN	Is Charizard a boss Pokémon who becomes attached to the player's character and assists him or her throughout the game?	Yes
YN	Has Charizard been featured in lines of soft toys and action figures in the Pokémon franchise?	Yes
YN	Was Charizard voted as the `` best Fire-type Pokémon ''?	Yes
WHAT	What are ground-bound lizard like creatures?	Charmeleon are ground-bound lizard like creatures
YN	Is Charizard one of several Pokémon in Pokémon X and Y that is able to use the new Mega Evolution mechanic?	Yes
YN	Did Charizard stay with all of Ash's Pokémon sans Pikachu at Professor Oak's laboratory?	Yes
WHAT	What have stated similar?	Interviewed children have stated similar
YN	Did Blue's Charizard re-appeared during the final match of the ninth Pokémon League?	Yes
YN	Did Charizard still do not obey Ash?	Yes
YN	Did Charizard become loyal during the Orange Islands arc after Ash battled a trainer with a Poliwrath and Charizard was frozen solid?	Yes
WHO	Who has saved Ash 's life on more than one occasion?	Charizard has saved Ash 's life on more than one occasion
YN	Did Charizard make its video game debut in 1996 with the Japanese release of Pokémon Red and Blue?	Yes
WHO	Who went through Mega Evolution and became Mega Charizard X?	Red 's Charizard went through Mega Evolution and became Mega Charizard X
WHAT	What featuring the character have been stated to be the most desired of the series?	Cards featuring the character have been stated to be the most desired of the series
WHO	Who is explicitly a Fire/Flying-type?	Charizard is explicitly a Fire/Flying-type
YN	Did Charizard also develop a fierce rivalry with Iris's Dragonite so much so that both Ash and Iris agreed to have a battle?	Yes
YN	Is Charizard the version mascot of Pokémon Red and FireRed versions?	Yes
YN	Is Charizard featured in the Pokémon anime series with the most recurring being from the main character Ash Ketchum?	Yes
YN	Did Charizard first appear in the video games Pokémon Red and Blue and subsequent sequels?	Yes
YN	Is Charizard playable as a stand-alone character in Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U?	Yes
WHAT	What submerges a vine into the cloud?	Saur submerges a vine into the cloud
YN	Does Charizard appear in Pokémon Origins with main character Red as its trainer?	Yes
YN	Does Charizard appear often in the Pokémon Trading Card Game?	Yes
YN	Does return on a temporary basis to battle at Ash's side?	Yes
WHAT	What face off against Koga 's Articuno and are frozen by its Ice Beam?	Blue face off against Koga 's Articuno and are frozen by its Ice Beam
YN	Has Charizard saved Ash's life on more than one occasion?	Yes
YN	Does Charizard first appear as a non-playable character in Super Smash Bros. and Super Smash Bros. Melee?	Yes
WHAT	What gets sharper with pointed horns and wings?	its appearance gets sharper with pointed horns and wings
YN	Is Red's Charizard the first Pokémon to Mega Evolve in an anime?	Yes
YN	Are Charizard known to unintentionally cause wildfires?	Yes
WHAT	What overpowered and knocked out opponents in one hit?	These cards overpowered and knocked out opponents in one hit
YN	Did Charizard also return for Ash's first Battle Frontier battle?	Yes
YN	Did Charizard return during the Johto Pokémon League and defeated Gary's Blastoise?	Yes
WHAT	What include Rock Smash?	Charizard 's moves include Rock Smash
WHO	Who are known to unintentionally cause wildfires?	Charizard are known to unintentionally cause wildfires
YN	Do having wings that can carry them close to an altitude of 4,600 feet?	Yes
WHO	Who is Mega Evolved?	When Charizard is Mega Evolved
YN	Was Pokémon Company president Tsunekazu Ishihara stated Charizard expected to be popular with North American audiences because of their preference for strong?	Yes
YN	Has Charizard its own DVD that contains three episodes featuring it?	Yes
YN	Did the Best Wishes series Charizard officially rejoin Ash's team while Ash was exploring the Unova (Isshu) region?	Yes
YN	Did know in Japan as Lizardon (リザードン?	Yes
YN	Do Charizard's moves include Rock Smash?	Yes
YN	Do the three trainers manage to focus the angle of the three powerful attacks – Blast Burn?	Yes
WHO	Who battles against Saur and is nearly knocked out?	Charizard battles against Saur and is nearly knocked out
YN	Has Charizard been noted as one of the franchise's `` most popular '' characters?	Yes
YN	Has Charizard made appearances in many other Pokémon games?	Yes
WHAT	What brings Charizard to the Orange Islands and trains it diligently since the near-disaster?	Ash brings Charizard to the Orange Islands and trains it diligently since the near-disaster