YN	Is Jynx a rare Pokémon that is only available through trading with an in-game NPC?	Yes
YN	Is Jynx the evolved form of Smoochum?	Yes
WHAT	What were overly-protective towards their sister?	These three Jynx were overly-protective towards their sister
YN	Do a language that only other Jynx can understand?	Yes
WHAT	What is the evolved form of Smoochum?	Jynx is the evolved form of Smoochum
YN	Did Jynx appear in Pokémon Snap?	Yes
YN	Did Jynx first appear in the Base Set with her black-skinned design?	Yes
YN	Had where a purple Jynx a minor cameo which aired in February?	Yes
YN	Is Jynx a female-only species that resembles the Japanese mythical creatures Yamauba and Yuki-onna?	Yes
YN	Was Santa Claus's Jynx separated from him and Ash and friends helped to return the Jynx to her owner?	Yes
YN	Were episodes featuring the older Jynx design censored or completely removed from televised syndication by Warner Bros?	Yes
WHO	Who draws crosses on any part of the dolls using her lipstick?	When Lorelei draws crosses on any part of the dolls using her lipstick
YN	Has humanoid appearance been heavily criticized by the Western media?	Yes
WHAT	What was not re-aired in USA because of the controversy over her appearance?	The episode was not re-aired in USA because of the controversy over her appearance
WHAT	What defended Jynx 's design?	Asia-Pacific defended Jynx 's design
WHAT	What has a pre-evolution?	Jynx has a pre-evolution
WHAT	What ranked it fourth on their `` Top 10 Disturbingly Sexual Game Characters '' list?	Games.net ranked it fourth on their `` Top 10 Disturbingly Sexual Game Characters '' list
WHAT	What has been heavily criticized by the Western media?	humanoid appearance has been heavily criticized by the Western media
WHO	Who described Jynx as having `` explicitly?	Washington Post writer Mary C. Morton described Jynx as having `` explicitly
WHO	Who had been animated with black skin instead of purple?	Jynx had been animated with black skin instead of purple
WHAT	What has listed Jynx as an example of racism in modern material?	Ferris State University has listed Jynx as an example of racism in modern material
WHAT	What have no visible feet?	Jynx have no visible feet
WHO	Who had a minor cameo which aired in February?	where a purple Jynx had a minor cameo which aired in February
WHO	Who uses a Jynx on her team?	the Kanto Elite Four member Lorelei uses a Jynx on her team
WHAT	What are broken free?	the victims are broken free
YN	Were these three Jynx overly-protective towards their sister?	Yes
YN	Is Lorelei's Jynx noted for having the ability to generate voodoo dolls out of ice using its Ice Beam?	Yes
WHAT	What affects people?	The dance affects people
YN	Did jynx appear again in the episode The Ice Cave?	Yes
WHAT	What is revealed in the Sevii Islands saga?	Lorelei 's Jynx is revealed in the Sevii Islands saga
WHO	Who suffered this condition and had to seek a cure atop Mt?	Sabrina suffered this condition and had to seek a cure atop Mt
YN	Is Lorelei's Jynx revealed in the Sevii Islands saga?	Yes
WHAT	What were aired in the normal rotational order in the UK?	These episodes were aired in the normal rotational order in the UK
YN	Did know in Japan as Rougela (ルージュラ?	Yes
YN	Had Jynx been animated with black skin instead of purple?	Yes
YN	Have design received criticisms in various publications?	Yes
YN	Did Jynx also make a cameo as a doll that Misty wins?	Yes
WHO	Who made an appearance in a contest in All Things Bright and Beautifly?	Jynx made an appearance in a contest in All Things Bright and Beautifly
YN	Was Jynx's design changed to purple coloration after critiques that it perpetuated racism?	Yes
YN	Did Jynx first appear in the Pokémon anime in Holiday Hi-Jynx?	Yes
YN	Does Jynx later appear in Pokémon Orange Islands series?	Yes
WHAT	What were later depicted in the episode Three Jynx and a Baby?	Jynx sisters were later depicted in the episode Three Jynx and a Baby
WHAT	What have large pink lips?	addition Jynx have large pink lips
WHAT	What have received criticisms in various publications?	design have received criticisms in various publications
YN	Did a manner describe by Nintendo as `` seductive ''?	Yes
YN	Were Jynx sisters later depicted in the episode Three Jynx and a Baby?	Yes
WHAT	What described Jynx as an `` opera singer ''?	Author Loredana Lipperini described Jynx as an `` opera singer ''
YN	Did Jynx make an appearance in a contest in All Things Bright and Beautifly?	Yes
WHO	Who modified Jynx 's design in localized versions of the games?	Game Freak modified Jynx 's design in localized versions of the games
YN	Did Jynx first appear in the video games Pokémon Red and Blue and subsequent sequels?	Yes
YN	Has Jynx made a number of appearances in the Pokémon Trading Card Game?	Yes
YN	Does Jynx later appear in episodes 116 and 117 of Pokémon?	Yes
WHAT	What is voiced in Japanese by Mayumi Tanaka and by Rachael Lillis in English?	The character is voiced in Japanese by Mayumi Tanaka and by Rachael Lillis in English
YN	Have addition Jynx large pink lips?	Yes
YN	Does Jynx appear in the wild in Pokémon Gold and Silver?	Yes
WHAT	What evolved into a Jynx at the end of the episode?	The Smoochum evolved into a Jynx at the end of the episode