WHO	Who was able to defeat his 1st new rival Morrison?	Ash was able to defeat his 1st new rival Morrison
WHO	Who is a blatant parody of Ash Ketchum?	the character Blast Ketchup is a blatant parody of Ash Ketchum
YN	Does Ash do not yet have a Pokémon that can mega-evolve?	Yes
YN	Do his friends help defend Lumiose City from Team Flare?	Yes
YN	Does Ash continue his journey to the Unova region?	Yes
YN	Does Ash conclude his participation in the Sinnoh League with an impressive new ranking?	Yes
YN	Are Ash's primary enemies a Pokémon crime organization called Team Rocket?	Yes
WHO	Who had used his handkerchief to wrap up her injury?	Ash had used his handkerchief to wrap up her injury
WHAT	What is similar?	Pikachu manga is similar
WHAT	What is the only one to join Ash in the Orange Islands?	Misty is the only one to join Ash in the Orange Islands
YN	Do however Ash wanting to learn more about Pokémon and get even stronger?	Yes
WHAT	What is voiced by Rica Matsumoto?	the character is voiced by Rica Matsumoto
YN	Bart remarks "Wow, how does this show stay so fresh?	Yes
YN	Did Ash leave Pallet Town to start his journey?	Yes
WHO	Who had hurt her knee from falling over after being startled by a Poliwag?	Serena had hurt her knee from falling over after being startled by a Poliwag
YN	Was Ash able to go to the 5th round?	Yes
WHAT	What was given a rival named Gary ( Shigeru in the Japanese version?	The character was given a rival named Gary ( Shigeru in the Japanese version
WHAT	What concludes his participation in the Sinnoh League with an impressive new ranking?	Ash concludes his participation in the Sinnoh League with an impressive new ranking
WHAT	What was never released in Japan?	This game was never released in Japan
YN	Was when Ash a little boy?	Yes
YN	Is Ash eventually defeated by Tobias?	Yes
YN	Did a character very similar to Ash (name Red) appears as a playable character as well as in cameos in Pokémon Black 2?	Yes
WHAT	What were recorded separately?	All the voices were recorded separately
YN	Does Ash also make a cameo in Ghost Trial of the full game?	Yes
YN	Is Ash usually seen traveling by himself during the course of this manga although he is joined by Misty and Brock in Indigo sometimes?	Yes
YN	Does Ash make a brief cameo in the animated series The Simpsons?	Yes
WHAT	What help defend Lumiose City from Team Flare?	his friends help defend Lumiose City from Team Flare
YN	Was Ash's character design initially overseen by Sayuri Ichishi?	Yes
YN	Has Ash appeared in all episodes of the anime?	Yes
YN	Does a man wearing Ash's original outfit also appear in a few Taiwanese Subway ads teaching passengers basic safety procedures?	Yes
WHAT	What was initially overseen by Sayuri Ichishi?	Ash 's character design was initially overseen by Sayuri Ichishi
YN	Has Ash considerably improved his abilities as a trainer over the course of the series?	Yes
WHO	Who noted the contrast between the characters ' relationship in the games and anime?	an interview Tajiri noted the contrast between the characters ' relationship in the games and anime
WHAT	What were over Lt. Surge?	the only legitimate victories were over Lt. Surge
YN	Does befriend a new traveling companion?	Yes
YN	Did Ash then venture to the Kalos region to challenge the Kalos League?	Yes
WHAT	What show The Big Bang Theory?	the TV show The Big Bang Theory
WHO	Who stated that the character was temporarily named Casey?	Taylor stated that the character was temporarily named Casey
WHO	Who is stopped?	Once Team Flare is stopped
YN	Did Ash travel to the Orange Islands with Misty and Tracey Sketchit?	Yes
YN	Does Ash still manage to win all eight gym badges in Unova and then entered the Unova League?	Yes
YN	Does Ash earn all eight gym badges qualifying him to compete in the Kalos League?	Yes
YN	Does Ash defeat all of the Brains and acquires all the 7 Battle Frontier symbols?	Yes
WHO	Who was often the first person to record?	Taylor was often the first person to record
WHAT	What expressed disappointment that Ash had lost?	the series expressed disappointment that Ash had lost
YN	Did know as Satoshi (サトシ) in Japan?	Yes
YN	Had Ash used his handkerchief to wrap up her injury?	Yes
YN	Had Ash still a lot to learn as a trainer?	Yes
YN	Is Ash mentioned by the character Sheldon Cooper?	Yes
WHO	Who has collected 8 badges from each of the major regions of Kanto?	Ash has collected 8 badges from each of the major regions of Kanto
YN	Was Ash forced to take shelter under a hollow tree?	Yes
YN	Was Ash able to defeat his 1st new rival Morrison?	Yes
WHAT	What is then defeated by Virgil?	Cameron is then defeated by Virgil
YN	Did Ash also make a brief appearance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert?	Yes
WHAT	What was translated from Japanese?	the script was translated from Japanese
YN	Was the rare Bond Phenomenon Ash's Greninja subject to was said to be far more powerful than a conventional Mega Evolution?	Yes
WHO	Who uses the Z-Ring for the first time with Pikachu?	When Ash uses the Z-Ring for the first time with Pikachu
YN	Has Ash generally improved in his Pokémon League Performances over time?	Yes
WHAT	What has considerably improved his abilities as a trainer over the course of the series?	Ash has considerably improved his abilities as a trainer over the course of the series
YN	Has Ash gone on to become one of the most well-known and recognizable animated characters of all-time (due to his status as the protagonist of the Pokémon anime)?	Yes
YN	Does Ash also show a deep love for Pokémon in the series?	Yes
YN	Did Ash then move on and traveled through the Hoenn region?	Yes
WHO	Who enjoyed playing Ash because of his `` low?	Taylor enjoyed playing Ash because of his `` low
YN	Does Ash notoriously display a drop in skill and competence?	Yes
YN	Is a man wearing Ash's original League Expo hat also shown in the third episode of season 4 of the show Metalocalypse?	Yes
YN	Did Ash train to catch more Pokémon than his childhood rival?	Yes
WHO	Who cited Ash as an example of cultural identification?	Children 's Popular Culture cited Ash as an example of cultural identification
YN	Was Ash eliminated from his first Pokémon League competition in a very unflattering manner?	Yes
YN	Was Ash able to win his battle against Drake?	Yes
YN	Does when Ash use the Z-Ring for the first time with Pikachu?	Yes
YN	Does Ash win all 8 Sinnoh gym badges?	Yes
WHAT	What remain the same?	determination remain the same
YN	Has Ash an encounter with Tapu Koko?	Yes
YN	Has then Ash traveled the world of Pokémon?	Yes
YN	Did the same way it re-imagined Red's rival Blue as Gary Oak and Ethan (the protagonist of the second generation Pokémon games as well as their remakes) as Jimmy?	Yes
WHO	Who has always provided the original Japanese voice of Ash?	Rica Matsumoto has always provided the original Japanese voice of Ash
YN	Has Ash still many parodies and appearances in various other media?	Yes
YN	Was Ash offered a choice between three Pokémon as his starter?	Yes
WHO	Who was forced to take shelter under a hollow tree?	Ash was forced to take shelter under a hollow tree
YN	Did Ash receive a major design overhaul for the Sun and Moon anime series?	Yes
YN	Is Ash's dream to become a Pokémon Master?	Yes
WHO	Who continues his journey to the Unova region?	Ash continues his journey to the Unova region
YN	Has the only video game Ash truly appeared in to date is Pokémon Puzzle League?	Yes
WHAT	What defeats all of the Brains and acquires all the 7 Battle Frontier symbols?	Ash defeats all of the Brains and acquires all the 7 Battle Frontier symbols
YN	Has Ash collected 8 badges from each of the major regions of Kanto?	Yes
WHAT	What wins all 8 Sinnoh gym badges?	Ash wins all 8 Sinnoh gym badges
WHO	Who received a major design overhaul for the Sun and Moon anime series?	Ash received a major design overhaul for the Sun and Moon anime series