YN	Does Snorlax stand up and dances to the music?	Yes
YN	Did Gary Oak where it quickly defeat Gary's Nidoqueen and Arcanine?	Yes
YN	Was Snorlax placed at eight in Complex's `` The 50 Best Pokemon Up to Pokemon Crystal ''?	Yes
WHAT	What has been as a roadblock in the Kanto region?	the games has been as a roadblock in the Kanto region
WHAT	What is also large?	Its head is also large
WHAT	What has a pre-evolution?	Snorlax has a pre-evolution
YN	Is where Snorlax becomes a roadblock to the next town Ash traveling to?	Yes
YN	Has the games been as a roadblock in the Kanto region?	Yes
WHAT	What are short?	Its arms are short
WHAT	What has a cream-colored face?	Snorlax has a cream-colored face
YN	Has Snorlax been utilized by the anime series main character Ash Ketchum?	Yes
YN	Is Snorlax seen sleeping throughout the game?	Yes
YN	Do Snorlax's stomach can dissolve any kind of poison?	Yes
YN	Does get to be friends with May's younger Munchlax?	Yes
YN	Did Snorlax name Munchlax was introduced?	Yes
YN	Does Snorlax appear from a Poké Ball in the Super Smash Bros. series?	Yes
YN	Is Snorlax an NPC in PokéPark Wii?	Yes
WHAT	What called the character a fan favorite?	GamesRadar called the character a fan favorite
YN	Does Snorlax's popularity make it commonly used for fanmade and official merchandise?	Yes
WHO	Who called upon it for the Sumo Conference in Ring Masters?	Ash called upon it for the Sumo Conference in Ring Masters
YN	Has Snorlax been well received by the media?	Yes
YN	Has Snorlax been said to weigh over 1,000 pounds and for a time was considered the heaviest known Pokémon?	Yes
WHAT	What makes it commonly used for fanmade and official merchandise?	Snorlax 's popularity makes it commonly used for fanmade and official merchandise
YN	Did know in Japan as Kabigon (カビゴン)?	Yes
WHO	Who becomes one of the most physically powerful members of Red 's team?	Lax becomes one of the most physically powerful members of Red 's team
YN	Does where Snorlax become a roadblock to the next town Ash is traveling to?	Yes
WHO	Who is used by Red?	Snorlax is used by Red
YN	Did Snorlax then fight during Ash's following match against Harrison?	Yes
YN	Did Snorlax first appear in the video games Pokémon Red and Blue and subsequent sequels?	Yes
YN	Is Snorlax seen as a Poké Float?	Yes
YN	Did Snorlax help Ash earn the Guts Symbol from Greta in Wheel of Frontier by defeating her Hariyama with an Ice Punch and flattening her Medicham with Body Slam?	Yes
WHO	Who becomes a roadblock to the next town Ash is traveling to?	where Snorlax becomes a roadblock to the next town Ash is traveling to
YN	Has Snorlax been said to weigh over 1,000 pounds and until Generation III was considered the heaviest known Pokémon?	Yes