YN	Is a red Gyarados found in the Lake of Rage?	Yes
YN	Does a Gyarados appear in the Miracle Sea?	Yes
YN	Is Gyarados based on the ancient Chinese tradition that the carp would evolve into a dragon after swimming upstream?	Yes
WHO	Who returns Gyarados to Red?	Blue returns Gyarados to Red
YN	Was a red Gyarados the leader of a group of Gyarados?	Yes
WHO	Who was able to free himself and Lt. Surge returned it to Silver?	Gyarados was able to free himself and Lt. Surge returned it to Silver
YN	Did Nintendo decide to give the various Pokémon species `` clever and descriptive names '' related to their appearance or features?	Yes
YN	Do Gyarados usually live in large bodies of water?	Yes
WHAT	What focused on a red Gyarados?	Innocence focused on a red Gyarados
YN	Was Gyarados able to free himself and Lt. Surge returned it to Silver?	Yes
WHAT	What owns a Gyarados in the Electric Tale of Pikachu manga?	Misty owns a Gyarados in the Electric Tale of Pikachu manga
YN	Did Gyarados first appear in the video games Pokémon Red and Pokemon Green and subsequent sequels?	Yes
WHAT	What are said to appear?	human conflict Gyarados are said to appear
YN	Did this Gyarados appear again in Gaining Groudon and The Scuffle of Legends to stop the feuding of Groudon and Kyogre?	Yes
YN	Is Gyarados used by many notable trainers such as Blue?	Yes
YN	Is Gyarados known for its fierce temper and wanton destructive tendencies?	Yes
YN	Does Gyarados make many appearances outside of the main series?	Yes
WHAT	What owns a Gyarados?	Misty owns a Gyarados
YN	Does Gyarados first appear in the Pokémon video game series in Pokémon Red and Blue?	Yes
YN	Does Gyarados debut in the Red?	Yes
WHAT	What is used by many notable trainers such as Blue?	Gyarados is used by many notable trainers such as Blue
WHO	Who traded this Gyarados to Red in exchange for Red 's Krabby?	Misty traded this Gyarados to Red in exchange for Red 's Krabby
YN	Does manage to get over the fear?	Yes
WHAT	What has appeared many other times under the ownership of various trainers?	Gyarados has appeared many other times under the ownership of various trainers
WHAT	What was `` Skulkraken ''?	the species ' beta name was `` Skulkraken ''
YN	Does Gyarados try to take over the Beach Zone in Empoleon's absence?	Yes
YN	Is the Gyarados evolved by obtaining 400 Magikarp Candies?	Yes
YN	Has Gyarados received generally positive reception?	Yes
YN	Has Gyarados received generally positive reception?	Yes
WHO	Who described it as a `` classic powerhouse ''?	Wired 's John Mix Meyer described it as a `` classic powerhouse ''
YN	Do two different Gyarados appear in the Pokémon Adventures manga?	Yes
WHAT	What is known for its fierce temper and wanton destructive tendencies?	Gyarados is known for its fierce temper and wanton destructive tendencies
YN	Is Gyarados a large sea serpent Pokémon most similar in appearance to dragons seen in Chinese mythology?	Yes
WHO	Who borrows Blue 's Charizard to travel to Mt?	When Red borrows Blue 's Charizard to travel to Mt
WHAT	What is largely blue?	Its snakelike body is largely blue
WHAT	What appears multiple times in the anime under various trainers such as Misty?	Gyarados appears multiple times in the anime under various trainers such as Misty
WHO	Who was the leader of a group of Gyarados?	A red Gyarados was the leader of a group of Gyarados
WHAT	What is found uncommonly?	Gyarados is found uncommonly
WHAT	What is mentioned at the beginning of Diamond and Pearl?	This Gyarados is mentioned at the beginning of Diamond and Pearl
WHAT	What has one chance to catch it?	The player has one chance to catch it
YN	Is Gyarados voiced by Unshō Ishizuka in both Japanese and English media?	Yes
YN	Has Gyarados appeared many other times under the ownership of various trainers?	Yes
YN	Is this Gyarados mentioned at the beginning of Diamond and Pearl?	Yes
YN	Is Gyarados one of several Pokémon to gain a Mega Evolution in Pokémon X and Y?	Yes
YN	Are human conflict Gyarados said to appear?	Yes
YN	Has Gyarados been shown in the Magikarp Festival as one of these arenas as only a background character?	Yes
YN	Is Gyarados generally considered one of the most difficult Pokémon to obtain?	Yes
YN	Does Gyarados appear multiple times in the anime under various trainers such as Misty?	Yes
YN	Has Gyarados been described as both one of the most well known and most powerful Pokémon?	Yes
YN	Was this Gyarados frozen and remained at the bottom of Lake of Rage until Lt. Surge discovered it?	Yes
WHAT	What is attributed to the dramatic structural changes its brain undergoes during evolution?	This violent nature is attributed to the dramatic structural changes its brain undergoes during evolution