YN	Did reading research documents leave in a ruined laboratory on Cinnabar Island?	Yes
YN	Is Mewtwo catchable in Pokémon HeartGold and SoulSilver in the same location as before after defeating all of the gym leaders in Kanto?	Yes
WHAT	What has been likened to `` an oversized cross of cat?	Its appearance has been likened to `` an oversized cross of cat
YN	Does Mewtwo also appear on the port side of All Nippon Airways's Pocket Monsters Boeing 747 jumbo jet?	Yes
YN	Does Mewtwo force the originals to battle the clones in an effort to determine which set is superior?	Yes
YN	Does declare revenge on its creators?	Yes
YN	Did explain that they `` intentionally avoid using the term 'kuron' [ clone ] … because the word has a frightening feel ''?	Yes
WHO	Who described Mewtwo as representing a `` parable about the pointlessness of force ''?	England Anne Richards described Mewtwo as representing a `` parable about the pointlessness of force ''
YN	Does Mewtwo cry in its sleep as it dreams of the events?	Yes
YN	Does Mewtwo also reappear in Pokémon X and Y after completing the main story?	Yes
WHAT	What was missed by others in Brawl shared a similar sentiment?	the character was missed by others in Brawl shared a similar sentiment
WHO	Who proved too mighty to control?	Mewtwo proved too mighty to control
WHO	Who cries in its sleep as it dreams of the events?	Mewtwo cries in its sleep as it dreams of the events
WHAT	What compares Sugimori 's design of Mewtwo to that of Japanese tokusatsu films?	Asia-Pacific compares Sugimori 's design of Mewtwo to that of Japanese tokusatsu films
YN	Does Mewtwo set out on its own?	Yes
YN	Is this Mewtwo able to Mega Evolve into Mega Mewtwo Y?	Yes
WHAT	What found the character popular with older male children?	Studies found the character popular with older male children
WHAT	What were left intact after the first film?	whose memories were left intact after the first film
WHAT	What appears as a playable character as well?	The traditional Mewtwo appears as a playable character as well
YN	Have the clones since found peace in another region?	Yes
YN	Does Mewtwo come to terms with its existence and defeats Giovanni?	Yes
WHO	Who marketed for adults featuring Mewtwo have also been sold and distributed by Nintendo?	Items marketed for adults featuring Mewtwo have also been sold and distributed by Nintendo
YN	Did Mewtwo's personality become more arrogant and megalomaniacal?	Yes
YN	Did Mewtwo display unique abilities and powers unseen in other Pokémon?	Yes
WHAT	What destroy the Mewtwo hologram and defeat Yung?	his companions destroy the Mewtwo hologram and defeat Yung
WHO	Who faces a robotic replica of itself?	Mewtwo faces a robotic replica of itself
YN	Does Mewtwo face a robotic replica of itself?	Yes
YN	Is Mewtwo one of several cloning attempts?	Yes
YN	Does Mewtwo serve not only as the final opponent?	Yes
WHO	Who provided the voice in Mewtwo Returns?	Dan Green provided the voice in Mewtwo Returns
YN	Have Reactions to Mewtwo's first anime portrayal been divided?	Yes
WHO	Who has appeared in other Nintendo games?	Mewtwo has appeared in other Nintendo games
YN	Is Mewtwo's physical appearance not its only stark divergence from Mew?	Yes
YN	Does appear as a boss character in Pokkén Tournament and has a special attack that involves it Mega Evolving into Mega Mewtwo X?	Yes
YN	Does Mewtwo appear as a final boss after all competitions have been completed?	Yes
WHAT	What befriends her?	The young Mewtwo befriends her
YN	Is Mewtwo featured in the film Pokémon?	Yes
WHO	Who destroys the laboratory?	Mewtwo destroys the laboratory
YN	Does Mewtwo telepathically speak with a male voice and is existentially torn over its purpose in the world?	Yes
YN	Does Fuji erase its memories and puts it under sedation until its body finishes developing?	Yes
YN	Does Mewtwo do not share its ability to learn every single teachable move within the games?	Yes
YN	Does Mewtwo directly precede Mew in the game's numerical Pokémon index owing to the latter's secret inclusion by Game Freak programmer Shigeki Morimoto?	Yes
YN	Do the clones then leave to find a sanctuary?	Yes
WHO	Who takes his handle from Mewtwo?	Professional Super Smash Bros. player Jason `` Mew2King '' Zimmerman takes his handle from Mewtwo
WHAT	What have been mixed?	Other reactions have been mixed
YN	Did merchandise relate to the character?	Yes
YN	Does Mewtwo destroy the lab and escapes?	Yes
WHO	Who is voiced by Philip Bartlett in English?	Mewtwo is voiced by Philip Bartlett in English
YN	Is this second Mewtwo voiced by actress Miriam Pultro in the English dub?	Yes
YN	Does the traditional Mewtwo appear as a playable character as well?	Yes
WHAT	What bemoaned its exclusion from Super Smash Bros. Brawl?	IGN 's staff bemoaned its exclusion from Super Smash Bros. Brawl
YN	Is Mewtwo voiced by Masachika Ichimura?	Yes
WHAT	What was later adapted into a short anime?	The CD drama was later adapted into a short anime
YN	Does the young Mewtwo befriend her?	Yes
WHAT	What have been made?	Several action figures have been made
YN	Is Mewtwo's appearance very different in comparison?	Yes
WHO	Who sets out on its own?	Mewtwo sets out on its own
YN	Does Mewtwo also appear in the musical Pokémon Live?	Yes
YN	Was Mewtwo expected to be popular with North American audiences?	Yes
YN	Was Mewtwo `` created by a scientist after years of horrific gene splicing and DNA engineering experiments ''?	Yes
YN	Is Mewtwo an extremely powerful psychic?	Yes
WHAT	What is not its only stark divergence from Mew?	Mewtwo 's physical appearance is not its only stark divergence from Mew
YN	Did Mewtwo return to the series as a DLC character in Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U on April 28?	Yes
YN	Is Mewtwo intended to be `` the strongest Pokémon ever ''?	Yes
YN	Does Mewtwo's creator Dr. Fuji take on the role of a coach for the fully developed Pokémon?	Yes
YN	Did Mewtwo prove too mighty to control?	Yes
WHO	Who voices a separate Mewtwo character in the prequel special Mewtwo?	Actress Reiko Takashima voices a separate Mewtwo character in the prequel special Mewtwo
YN	Is Mewtwo voiced by Philip Bartlett in English?	Yes
WHAT	What appears in the anime special Mewtwo?	Another Mewtwo appears in the anime special Mewtwo
YN	Is Mewtwo consistently noted as being one of the strongest opponents?	Yes
YN	Does another Mewtwo appear in the anime special Mewtwo?	Yes
YN	Has Mewtwo appeared in other Nintendo games?	Yes
WHO	Who voiced the franchise 's original Mewtwo character in Japanese?	Masachika Ichimura voiced the franchise 's original Mewtwo character in Japanese
WHAT	What related to the character?	merchandise related to the character
YN	Is Mewtwo's image utilized for merchandise related to the Pokémon franchise?	Yes
YN	Has Mewtwo appeared as a central character in several books related to the Pokémon franchise?	Yes